Shouts to the big dog for taking down the nfl OU Hes been paid already. Houman take notes ATS challenge lines r up. $10 bt-nfl.herokuapp.com Wow bullshit Hedoooo TY Next ?? Whoa trey burton inactive huh Jesus these refs Hahahahha Terrible coaching by nagy in the last 2 mins Wantetly wasting time for no reason http://twitter.com/OddsShark/status/1082407463373103104 Eh fuck Dan Gilbert Prob similar experiences Would you do it for jimmy + fultz Yah I agree but would you do it Lol love Steven A Contaminated is amazing Lines are up in ats Steven A Easter egg I almost put parkey as the eagles player pic so be happy @rsarv3r ?? @spaceman checking out that r Kelly doc? ? Lmaooo Dubov finally giving me a superliga challenge Yah uncharted waters for the champ every time I look at my phone Im like wait why is this guy out now Hottest teams what Another nice win for the nbas hottests Lets go. Colts were a super public ats pick Public Dogs Have Fleas The thrill back?! They are really not pressing hard enough Cowboys are major homies for kicking this xp How do you not go for two there Or kick onside. Mind boggling Will B coming back is niceee Chargers +4.5 TDs looking good still ? Dubov grinding for the win Couldnt have hooked it up with a return huh Time saving technique I just heard You can turn blazers games off after 3 quarters
 26-0 after leading going into the fourth 0-18 after trailing Talk shit get hit Chaadddd ?? Zach Lowe says he expects Neil to be aggressive at the deadline Gb is stupid % better Gb gets funky when youve played a different amount of games ? This list for career 3pt % is kinda crazy Going rams and chiefs today Poll: who believes in momentum in sports. Love me some fossil Hahahah Wow Rams bettors like that Nicceee One year ago, Blake Bortles was warming up Leg Wow who peeped that Brady Aston Martin commercial May switch my pick now ? Tom time Overturn it SysTom relies on the run! The Hulu one is basically the same thing I thought Like just another side from people involved Dehaan already choked Missed Monday lineups after talking a big game a few weeks ago Hes also busy conspiring with his wife on how to freeze bunk out of the ATS finale Maybe next year boys Yah ? Shoot me Glorified scout was a dagger The difference is they sold Pg while he was inprosoned there 
 You gotta get a guy in house before you can brain wash him Okc never gets PG in FA otherwise Uh doesnt he make like 32 mil next year If the zers are losing after 3 hammer that live ML Chad we offered 3 premium picks! ?? Yah. Conley overrated cause the media likes him/feels bad for him ?Hedge Now! Just lost Warren for a game maybe! That indy under back in play. They need 17 wins to go over Lol at my last job they wanted a twitter feed exactly like that displayed on the site. Twitter doesnt allow it anymore for the exact reason as above but they really wanted it so we hacked it through Of course right way, same problem lol if you took the best two players off an otherwise healthy version of every other team in the nba Would you take the zers or the field to win it all Houman has been highly tepid lately and his effort is lacking I did it last March so i was waiting for a year review Maybe you can use on of those storage lockers like you always see in movies Heeess backkkkkk ?? ?? ?? Any chance sixers get involved? Def Cant wait to see AD in black and red CJ + Zach + 2 Firsts Should get it done I feel like?! Thats everything you could want!! Albeit a stinky version of each category But picks, young promising guy, potential #1 dude Are we still interested in Nico if that somehow falls through Whats the position called where its your job to find second round talent? I think its scout Got emmmq He already is a bust in terms of his draft position Houman whats your assessment on ingram CJ a pillar of Reigning Champ We will not hear the slander Miss arguing about Rudy Gays superstar status blackout drunk at sun river Jesus Christ http://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1091008072888262657 Lol demps wont answer Pelinkas calls Lehigh and Gonzaga are models the NO franchise should look to anyway I like this segment: The Diagnosis w/ Basketball Dr Mitorabi Holy shit I feel like its going to come out they didnt even call other teams ??????? Its amputation to save the patient A full cure is in trials summer 2019 One thing that I think is underrated is how many real life trades would get you laughed out of the room at on Twitter Sami and Dehaan have been officially warned about collusion Im in dubie thanks for the word Trump tweets under 6 even is a lockkk Lmao will mike Vick tweet about the puppy bowl is a bet ? I knew it Alright boys Theres been some requests for this Superliga 2018 In Review: 69696 texts sent total 1/1/2018 - 12/31/2018 ? Top 10 #engagements ? Gundy stacked up the assists ? ? Word cloud #Nice job everyone sending these 69k very important messages I pulled the iMessages from my iPhone backup and parsed them with a program I wrote National anthem line up to -220 on the over ?? My official No Fun Chalk Boys prop list ? Per the big dog I also added in pats covert a fourth and rams convert a fourth -180 / -165 respectively No trump tweets yet ?? ?? Pay to play mark Damn we got a trump tweet in the clubhouse ? That would look great framed and hanged (Stole from first reply) Good. Almost single handily ruined the young thug concert If that anthem goes under get your ass out there Boys ? Almost want to bet back under now! Overrrr Beast No one took a knee as far as I know $ Anyone have a scoreless first Q? Yah gurley Over burkhead rushing yards in dire straights The Jared Goff Experience 2nd half is a new game its basically in an hour Short I enjoyed it Blue huh Also its so easy to not read the criticism Just turn off the computer brock.m.tillotson@gmail.com why does that happen to ball players more often than regular people ? The Diagnosis! Space can you commit to juuling in the crowd tonight Not bad for either team Lol @ these teams RUINING their continuity at the deadline!!! The playoffs are gonna be lit until the finals That would be the ultimate role reversal for the Warriors When they beat the mags No way the warriors win the east dude Lol Markelle Fultz has resting bust face Is ZC not in the rotation ? ?? Guys I Made a Meme ? Ah bummer dude ! Well honestly the coverage is accurate to the point where we know theres only 2-4 teams who can win any year max So rooting for a team consistently is really deincentivized Vs the NFL no matter how bad your team is you can see it in the ship in 3 years Yah but also theres a national media that can tell you that you have no hope 20 years ago you could think your team was competative and that anything is possible I think its tough to sell people on buying in on a hopeless cause No matter the era People arent as ignorant to it. Ow Certain teams fans are going to have more fun and get better players consistently So if you knew the blazers could never win in 30 years youd keep buying tickets If the teams were owned by the city/state Ad you could vote on the GM and management Then I think regional pride would be a reasonable thing Yah but think if youre a kid starting to watch. The fuck you want to be a hornets fan for You grew up with some really cool blazers teams that really competed Yah but were unlucky that Portland cant compete because they dont get free agents The structure of the league precludes the blazers from winning Yah and now people know way more Its not soft is realism Hopefully KD wins another one this year but never again and he will ofcicaly finish with 0 earned #disruptLove Nice that Meyers can grow without the pressure of being a top 10 pick God I cant stop thinking about how moronic that Olivermaroney tweet Chad sent yesterday was Makes ya miss Meyers ya know Top vid ^ ? Lol dame with the hulu rtattoo Buttttt Rumors the whole thing is fake eh maybe Id rather have taytom And laker offer might be there same exact terms Well hed also trade anyone for a better player Ainge wouldnt do Tatum straight up + cap fill for AD? Yah but that same lakers deal could still be there Yah but you can say well fuck you weve fucked ourselves already to not deal with you you know we wont do a bad deal just to do it Maybe. Thats a ways away Yes a game of chicken But he pels have so much less to lose Id still role w jimmy roll This is so great Im so happy That helps the pels ? ? I cant believe I live in a liberal city Where this is allowed $35 flat tax Same tax for $13k a year income and 13 million Or at least for a fat stack of cash That they bring out in a wheelbarrow Hes a genius. He won everyone knows who he is now Def not 9/10 Americans would have no clue We will see! Nah he just 100x his profile Everyone knows who he is now Lol okay Ian Such a diff crime My Main point is that he committed a crime that had no specific victim and one that could easily be forgiven Meanwhile every person in the country is talking about him Including the president Its possible Already planning a big apology talk about fame addiction and a interview tour Lol I think youre over reacting Black Twitter isnt real life We will see Set those lineups! Houman thinks hes a big fish in this pond 5? Who would you bet on to not go the most I think Toronto least likely The heat have the second best record in Florida Boston could lock the under tonight Thats kinda funny cause westly snipes def cant dribble ?? Oh god no ? Bye slot battle Sounds like a pretty cool premise for a movie Appreciate it Lol 13 years for Harper Plan your trip elsewhere sir Hahaha ? Gunde please pass on the ligas congrats to Terry Coach of the month Some Lerch from the MLB store? Merch * ?????? ? Its not AB Its Mr Big Chest now https://www.google.com/amp/www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/26088024/inside-phoenix-suns-messy-dysfunctional-front-office%3fplatform=amp @chadButler @meyersHater15 @neilSucks Tagged your burners also ???? DisruptThePodium Lucky huh Def agree horford owns Embiid seemed like the difference IRONICALLY CONTINUITY IS THE MAJOR DIFFERENCE #NAME? Whats your list of teams zers lose to in playoffs Gundy and Ian In the west Zers could beat denver portland could do to portland what no did to them last year I believe Denver * High on insider info? He got lucky with bos gs tho Can you imagine if a video leaked of the president getting a handy ?I also may have had a good time Dont forget to set those lineups ? Lets go first round upsets Put $20 on Kamala +3200 last summer Oh yah she sucks but def could win If they were good in New England they can only get better on my squad! Motherfucker sends me the wrong size, every time Did he think he was addressed in that tweet?!!! Smart draft people Exactly the hat is all I needed to know ? Did russ pay him and this is all staged?? #maga framed again smh You have to be pretty evil to make shit like that up It was her first jazz game give them a break mannn ? Yah for sure! NFL players seem generally pissed that NBA players are more paid, powerful, and famous Good to see them being more crazy lmao God Meyers would look good in the digital camo spurs jersey Yah you could go down the line and say any position besides QB you can get by with fill ins. Bottom line your air attack is the most important aspect of your game ? Dehaan no I wouldnt I take nuk obvi lol Draft fuller in the first ?First round war! Lifes a Gamble! All big RBs like that are the same Ingram = latavious The difference is small enough to take the cheaper guy every time Stats show timeouts dont stop runs Just sayin Helps you get a bucket on your next possession but doesnt stop a lead build or loss in aggregate other than that Well I would argue the presence of something should be proven versus the absence But for arguement a sake https://scholarship.tricolib.brynmawr.edu/bitstream/handle/10066/6918/2011PermuttS_thesis.pdf?sequence=2 My main point. If you say something is effective You have to prove it Not the other way around Everyone out here making statements about timeout when theres no evidence they help long term game odds Me too Yah the trick with studying the hot hand is a good definition that mirrors what everyone feels when they know its going o. Sure but that makes it hard to prove statistically Probably true but that makes them dangerous cause theyre just as many that arent real that are assumed true Like you have to establish the run Dont shoot 3 pointers No one played better down 28 ? Oof Infuse is great Repurposed from the 96 nba draft Jesus whos going to play qb for the phins Tennehill is a good backup for Marcus tho could also be on the verge of grabbing rosen A second Ducks winning tonight? Boom solid move bro Erik G, the happy superstar? ?? Just Venmoed for big and little boy The Hiroshima and Nagasaki brackets if you will Whos that? Hes not good chad, but dont be surprised if he ends up good Uh they found a successful defensive play style and are executing it? Dont trigger me $15 < $2000 Yikes lol No winmo in sowa bro ?? You know you use Reddit streams too much when youre at a live sporting event and are checking your phone to see if youre behind ? Lets hear some final fours Chalk city baby duke zaga uk and villa ?? Matt later? This chat is so problematic these days Lauer If I win Rengels friends bracket Im taking you all out for a sandwich Just threw down on all 32 First Half Unders #tightbutthole Ian you know have $10 in Mark bucks Never expires but you need $130 to cash out Ian was the atm last year Only way to lose is to quit! Can I get LSU mark? Its Ats $10 -6.5 fine I get some work done Give M. Oni the ball 1-11 from the field Ass! Private school pussies! Sometimes you fuck the dog sometimes the dog fucks you Houman lets do Murray Ill take Marquette Cut out the dog Okay mark I want Marquette $10 :( ? No one wants Murray? Lets do it I got Marquette $10 Ill take marqutte against whoever will take it Yah. Dubov? Deal Ill give you 3 It was 3 on Vava da this am and on thescore at tip Gimme old dom +12.5 and cuse -2 $10 I like cute. Not much gets in boheims way cuse* Mark just for clarity thats $10 each bet ? Did he say you could get housed 1H unders 10-6 today ^^^ x100 when zers play Utah first round Wow those numbers are almost identical Fuck you One bracket is the way to go You dont get confused Jesus Christ those look good Mark whats my BRISBOIDA balance Can I get NOVA $10 Damnz k Down in flames ?? Running through the sweet sixteen with no Wos Refund!!!! #notMyBookie ? Deadass have double the odds Sgeuax Dux Lol swamp stomp 9 months a year I have $300 in bovada +120 that trump goes all 4 Years Winner winner I wish they could sign players to contracts So you could actually get to know the guys In college Yess Giannis playing today ? Pretty fun semi final in the superliga actually My god Meanwhile iPhone and windows both skipped 9 Mikes team is cute But theres only one Champ Better off reinvesting each game Dubie you nervous about the raps over yet? Yah I think so Okc Over is keybfor you ? Youre safe. Michael Blazers Under Dehaan and hauser are vying Nice ? Yah thats 26 dudes Whos calling in sick tomorrow ?? My guy jessie is INNOCENT Lmao charges dropped, looks like hell be heading back to show biz more famous than ever, all according to plan yah yikes the show must go on! Get this man a leading role ?? Hahaha Damn it That was my backup no joke He aint a fraud in fanttasssyyyy ? This week playing for the Superliga title will be the most manful ball of his career tho Meaningful * Lou Williams Heavy Im hearing he will be back by game 7 of the finals Well you know the saying True story ? Does this make you itch ? Yall like lonzos new dice http://twitter.com/JimmyDonofrio/status/1111221083775123457 Speaking of pieces of shit ? Windhorst says blazers are the team every team wants to play now Weird Cohen will be hot hot hot in drafts ? Good Vibes King ??This guy is getting some great press! The buzz around him is incredible ?? Shut it down raps! Can pacers go 2-5? Utah 5-2!? ?? ???? #??? #MLBRANDxNIKE #collab Whoosh Bets pry of the windy pod was him complaining for 20 minutes about how much it sucked to live in Miami during ultra lol Mark please post the limes as well CJ for Blake easy Should have done it 2 years ago CJ for Blake? Def could have been done at some point in last 2 Blakes value has been all over the map Drummond is not sniffing nurks asshole For 2019 playoffs Im taking Drummond Yah but thats all he does. Nurk helps the offense run The blazers would be worse with Drummond Well the pistons rebound better with him off the floor Rebounds is a dumb stat Give us rebound rate If the teams you play miss a ton and you play different minutes It doesnt compare Simmons doesnt even have him ranked on the trade value column Heat are jersey retiring sluts https://youtu.be/XHYG2crLab4 ? You beat several people who actually played lol Can you make it look like that one pic if cam falling on the ground in the moshofsky center Cam can you send Dubov a screenshot of the app download instructions Whoa please do ? your kitty can go play with the obj bitmoj Yah mean people like football But Im freakin done by February Chads prediction just one year late? ? i turned of the rig when I moved so not for last 5 months or so Might. Ill check the profit meter when I get home today I do have a sweet new graphics card Lol implied my b We needed a stream Thats really good reng lol Does the liga like zers -11 ? ? I saw that on r/cringetopia Fucking raptors win Gg Dubov Everybody poops Yah but republican winner is +135 or something Dems favored Brad. A Branch They play same time? Just reinvest same thing Bullshit the raps lose the two you need exactly The gods are truly with you SuperLiga Champ Will B Yah you could def take Uggetti. I problem No Whats up with Paul pierce I dont get these memes Mark you already pissed off Dubov once this week Def a foul Wait Gene steratore???? Lmao Dehaans trying to hook it up! gimme that UNDER $10 Thats a nice lime Mr Gunderson. Tear down this wall Dope lol Semi O got a vote for most overrated lmao Hes the villain now Is this required reading? ? ML cameo to the liga would be top 10 MITCHELL V COLLINS: The battle for Chads heart! On the windy pod they did the ballot and couple people had dame first team If you dont love this then you dont love basektball Key to the rest of the game is working the ball around the 3 pt line until 5 on the clock Sorry mark bank closed at 7 Thats a very Virginia hat What an idiot So irresponsible Not hedging isnt cool kids If its just daily normal betting then yes hedging is lame and probably wasteful And I understand wanted to let it ride But he should have just placed a counter bet at some point right Damn and he just won my nba over under Im pretty sure like a boss nailing every super pick No Thats like the grizzlies starting 6-1 https://deadspin.com/fuck-this-instant-replay-bullshit-1833909606 This reminded me of a BBP basketball game at the rec that resulted in very loud 20 minute disagreement on the court Usually a gif is a moving image ?For your gif collection Matt Lol what a jackass I hear Jussie likes burgers Space dont be too proud to call him up for some viral gold So good Wow ? ? Michael Dehaan chose the under Nice job Dubov ?This pissed me off so much Super self serving! Plus just fucking wrong Who cares if you work for one company your whole life Doesnt say shit about you Plus anti Lebron shade right Its cool! sure But as space said It does say anything about you as a person Also Its pretty transparent #whatsyourpoint Make a google doc hoomy In my opinion it should be run per round And you pick each matchup + games each time But thats more work Mark im sick of paying you SICK Sure I feel ya ?No Dogs Allowed Parlay Nah I dont want to be too attached to a blazer loss 4:1 was higher than I though it would be Hmm I mayyy ?? Man could they not with that font Uh he hit a game winning 3 two days ago ? Cant believe this is my life smiling through it all Chad Lol salty ! Westbrook ?????? Stay with us Chad! Every superstar has their moment against the pistons lol Yall see this? https://twitter.com/Oregonian/status/1117898140512735233?s=19 Kanter dominating cause Meyers was on the court Hes the Steph of football hmmmm Theyre in the pool of 15 teams who could Like id rather bet the hawks than the bears I know Dubov is on a Coachella come down today, but PFF has been calling trubisky bortles north Gotta save it for game 5 Thought that was natural light for a minute ? Pretty cool Ian gets the tix Houman gets the $32.00 Barclays coors lights I thought he was rick Ross for a second Damn Murray Dame is so much better when Anthony Davis isnt on the court Foul sponge Hopefully westbrrok can get the triple double here and salvage the series Lmao what were Meyers and Adams talking about Okcs role players a poo poo When life gives you big limes. Funny thing is when they signed all those guys I was like this is genius because there is 0% chance they can contend this year irregardless if who they sign and they were all cheap one year deals so who cares. No one will blame them because you cant win with that roster and you basically just signed all the nba retards so it will be funny Didnt work out that way lol Figured they gave lebron a bad roster on purpose so he wouldnt look bad When the inevitably lost Tldr Its good in the hood Hell yes ? Mark can you commit to watching the Kraft video when it comes out and giving us a play by play Blazers look like the heat 10 damn thats a sour lime Thunder even to win the series blazers -120 Lmao And yikes ... Game It was another account cam ? If youre a guard or wing shooting is 50% of your grade I dont understand how this would help instagram Everyone hates influencers but arent they good for the platform? And likes Get rid of likes everyone uses instagram less, am I wrong? Yah idc either way. Def not a confederate statue situation but why she have a statue anyway Fuck the national anthem also Hes not going to go first round I dont think Josh Allen will be a sneaky fantasy guy next year imo He gets the rushing yards and Tds Wouldt want him on my real team Its a privilege Whoooo000! Hopefully Im reading that exact text in 3 weeks Unrest in SF Robby Gould DEMANDS a trade Specific Prediction: hawks take Jerry tillery 21 has more sacks than frank over next 2 years Yah get this first round over with please Sharks -vegas game 7 is actually lit HOLYFUCKK The wave goodbye Back off lebron! They de voted already Im with Gundy I could see it My guy the Celtics have hustled so hard this year Happy to see the hard work pay off!!! I liked it more when it started early on Saturday and went all weekend Somebody gotta make a magic kapernick style poster Im taking all the good players yall let drop to me Espn invests so much in these wack ass graphics Looks like no one is trying to trade up Wow Lmao Anyone let me know if you want the PFF draft guide pdf emailed to you. Its pretty dope ? ? Go DK Go The warriors are beating Houston in 5 Lol I Love every one trying to talkgundy off this spot Jerome James is not walking through that door Kawaiiiii &Pascal Have we seen a Pascals Triangle Offense joke yet? Boston looking smooth Bucks looking like the thunder Was surprised on all three they werent called Not gonna cry for harden tho ?? What does society need more. Robots driving cars or robots reffing games Yah west coast sports are pregame Seems like easy coast people go out and watch same time Houman must have the night skiing pass ?Doing my part again boys ? Marvel sucks ass #redboxRecruits Yes they have gunde Its on a diff tab They are cowards tho Go basketball Then nba series prices Its not with nba Cause they are dumb Watching the raps local broadcast Fred can vleet has been in 3 different commercials Lol gotta be so frustrating to watch him night in and out Ultimate cant trust you Sure like hes regarded as very good But everyone knows his history 2019 insults Very cool kanyian! Lol what Ian youve been on this east > west all year It aint true All the top teams in the west ran train though the east Robert Todd Pelinka Jr.[2][3] (born December 23, 1969) is an American (NBA) team executive, lawyer, sports agent, and former college basketball player from Lake Bluff, Illinois (suburban Chicago).[4] Pelinka is currently the general manager of the Los Angeles Lakers of the National Basketball Association (NBA). Lol Dubov making this reffing nightmare work for him #Degenius If mark is really the big dog I bet he could set a lime Meyers wasnt too bad except when he could remember to hold his hand up Couldnt Houman whats the standings Go warriors Anyone see Kurt Goldberrys ideas for legislating big men back into the nba. Pretty good ideas imo Yah Kirk narrowing the lane and adding a corner three 3 second rule are pretty good ideas imo ? Matt can you work with this for chad Man Draft Pools lineup is wild you going Weekend 1 or 2 Sup mr nugget #NAME? Chad theyre going to figure out what you did with the rim soon Jazz The lebron cavs ? fuckkkkkk ? They dump traded him Lolol #leashed Didnt know George gervin was still alive Lol yah fake as hell Mr. Nuggz post that pic of everything you flew with Whats the score Im flying Score? ?I put a good fortune in for the zers ?More eloquently said: Matt not sure you can claim Pablo .... Yah what Yeah Just about to hop over to Kyoto Done 6 in Tokyo already. Got a few days in Kyoto then a few at Fuji and back in Tokyo for a last day ? Yah food is cant miss. Love the machine ordering things lol It feels like being at Coachella lol Yah the teamlab borderless exhibit would be the place to do mushrooms The subways are so legit tho So easy to go anywhere Yah two days ago it was dope Whoa did not know that Mygirlfriend wont let us walk and eat she says its rude Lmao I know! I got this garbage in my hand I want it out as soon as possible Real American anxiety But every bathroom is 10/10 Hate to say it but best story for nba is kyrie going to LA Warriors are winning the championship Evergreen text cam Well whats changed Just read through it dont see whats untrue in there The I texted lebron thing was the most annoying thing to me. Obviously a humble brag and actually just throwing his own young players under the bus Saw the nugs were mentioned It def wouldnt include Jokic It def wouldnt include murray either imo idk your boy Tim bontemps said nuggets sniffed around today Yah Im not sure what he would fetch very weird situation Lottery in 4 days?! Houman you misscored the bucks Celtics column My guy DJ Mbenga ?Mark found your competition Need the raps to pull this out Chad there is mass confusion here in Japan as your blazers fueled erection can be seen looming over the ocean https://theconcourse.deadspin.com/report-u-s-navy-cracks-case-of-majestic-sky-dick-1834738223 Now these heroes can finally be honored at game 3 ?Doing my part part 3 Why do we want Pierce picking us exactly Rim Terrorist! Pick 2: kyrie kd ad Can erection is definitely making an appearance in the cloud Cam* RJ and Zion getting reunited! Elfrid Payton and Zion???????? The league did it to give Elfrid a #2 Whats that called again That much debt should make your more not less willing Houman What better way to disguise gross gambling debts than rolling it into medical school loans James Charles picked the zers smh Yah id do it Hmm nejvermind id def break 4 ribs Houman are my ribs on my chest Yah bu were talking about you standing there and he gets a perfect windup Is NO really THAT bad? That would be pretty sick Lmao ?? What a way to lose Lakers 100% signing Seth He signed Lamar odem... Warriors are winning Fair enough Lol funny it was literally because Jurassic Park was popular I hate when a new team goes conservative thunder ultimate bland composition Exactly The energy is kinda funny We could all go for 10 mins each Yah that was great 24 Hour Limes ? Meyers starting Dehaan we appreciate the reverse jinx Why do the games always start late now This was supposed to start 15 mins ago Dame shoes make him look like the player youre controlling in 2 K Only down 12 On the cock? ? that was a great foul from Meyers for real Only down 5 zers in it Lol zers smoking the Meyers crack. addictive and harmful Dylan whats the 4 Q differential setting Dame needs to call Kyle Lowry after the game ? ?? Yah take that take to 750 the game Houman Or every player down the entire roster is better than okc Yah the bucket brothers dont have that luxury Yah season was a major success Damn tickets will probs be cheapppp Monday Monday easily worst night to see a game Plus even if you see a win its still depressing Live by the click bait die by the click bait David stern is def more involved than EVER right now Rengel Yah he a gay robot ? Hate the patches . They should at least match the color scheme Whoa Nice. We deserve game seven Game of thrones was dogshit Every scene was brutal. F- https://twitter.com/JMoneyMikita/status/1130543817508003840?s=20 ? A real pic Whos the last good wing the zers had Maybe Trash Brothers ?? Still funny Kinda feel like its below steph to be trading 3s w Meyers That would have been the most brutal ending Lolol Rather have an open Meyers 3 or a deep lillard ? Yikes Def a good thing Exactly like the GoT finale. Wasnt fun to watch it end but you had to. Unbelievable unrealistic character turn for Meyers. Ended will a thud. Well the other series still needs to happen houman And jimmy is still in it Well its nice to set thse things before hand Could do pick the total series deficit Its also important that the tiebreaker doesnt have anything to do with your existing picks so that one should be fine Dehaan I heard you did the same thing at Macys Took a 30k cut to get another person on the floor Thats not what my managers tell me lol Always love that: if we give you more we have to take it from someone else! Lol I know Yah had multiple manager pull that crybaby move. there likeim in such a tough place I only get so much Not my problem I agree but In defense of the haters The lakers looked like FOOLs during those come backs lol Blazers* Yah I said I agree Sucks so many expiring deals Heard Lowe say Riley will be damned if he lets that unprotected pick be a good one lol No way Only because the market is limited Like your competition for him is zero yah and not many teams are in the spot where they want to make a run and need a guard And want to spend a first And Utah already didnt make the deal So if im another team im like no one else is giving you a first, have this instead ? Thats amazing Yah I agree dehaan I think they gotta keep hood Thank gd the raps won ? Sounds great ???? before Yah thats why lmao Dubov depends on your criteria doesnt it The All-NBA Team is an annual National Basketball Association (NBA) honor bestowed on the best players in the league following every NBA season. I mean by the above criteria he could sit out the whole season and still be first team lol yes Right But thats the Dubov school of thought Which is legit It doesnt say best season Says best player But you can def legit say that that means best season and be totally logical For Lebron yah prob lol ? In a game? kemba Lebron first team snub! Ridiculous! Murray also sucked a lot of the games int he playoffs Obvi Im taking Murray going forward Kemba gets some pity votes also Media always have a bleeding heart for guys going about business the right way on a bad team Thats bet case scenario Best Basically would put him right at 0 earned titles just so funnt In no way does the supermax help the team its completely backfired ? Lol makes me so happy Go warriors How about The regular season is a joke And it doesnt matter Kawai deserves a depleted warriors matchup after that Zaza thing Yah def Also actually possible Kawai wins the finals with the raps Leaves anyway Exactly Heard it here first Wasnt she wearing the pusha T shirt? Yah she was ?For the Next get together ? Oh those are spicy #jussieNation! ? Reminder: the rams didnt score a TD in the Super Bowl http://twitter.com/XXL/status/1131984068772597760 Kawaiiiiiiiii George hill took all day As long as KD misses some wins its good either way Man pretty annoying Zero could def had Leonard for CJ and Zach we agree? Zers Warriors +1 game one Yah Kawhi a mortal lock for mvp if raps win Whats Currys odds You could bet 14:6:2 on curry:kawai:dray and profit $5 on curry and push if the other two win Whoa ol Gundy that pelinka thing you tweeted is crazy! Im def here for this magic is a huge asshole angle The sad thing is the lakers saga is pretty much the story of how our country is being run right now More specifically that Pelinka set up the dinner and it happened lolol Yah made the mistake of watching that right before bed The funny thing is it prevents the fridge from further cooling your food ?Speaking of snap Cam who has the nicest dick pics in the liga Lol top 10 risers and fallers Single and 29? Top Trade Deadline Deals That Should Be Made Now You know the NFL is gonna stick us w the lions or the skins God Gimme a break If they hold on to that lead in Game 2 that probably goes 5 Fixed Why would they probably win game 4 Why would you probably beat a team that has won 12 playoff games in a Row against you in any game Yah and 3 times its probably for a reason Crazy how much momentum the blazers managed to misuse three games in a row Lebron James Woah magic Johnson coached? Did not know that Sorry just googled worst coaches of all time Russell Kareem Isiah Jordan and Lebron You wont score A double double is not exactly impossible I can imagine a -10000 that I would rather have Hes calling from them computers Ian ? Wow Actually just realized bovada def knows who you are Same as any website The future is def offering people different lines based on their browsing history and tendencies Im getting 0 on my phone and -1 on my work browser Gotta run that vpn Lol maybe also nice to have one small hoop to jump through make you think an extra second Word on the street is mariota put on 13 lbs of muscle? great press for snap In a big spot Has walberg made a cameo in any fasts? Seems like a layup Whos stoked He actually has 6 rbs already Doh Yah i two of those teams lost in the second round and only one of them even made it to the finals If you went 1-8 vs 1-8 east valley west the west would beat them 6-2 And same with the bottom half Yah no Yah the clippers are smoking the magic Okay thats far enough Ian Well the east and west are down to one contender each You are a Great Dad that ball def hit Gasol Idk how they overrule that ? ? They cant get a better player right now than CJ right Right they can def get more potential for elsewhere Just saying only advantage zers may have is they can give that raps offer Good player right now He shouldnt be Yah cause Evan turner thinks hes iggy Theyre both different dudes +4.5 for Toronto is pretty good tho The guy who invented viagra Nah daymond would not put effort in in Portland Draymond would be fat in pdx Thats fair Whos the last good wing the zers had What ! Thatd be the smart move Yah if he coached them Kinda funny being an owner if someone else controls 51% Yah what Just cause you have a lot of picks doesnt mean you just spray em lol Prince was a waiver guy in our fantasy league Yah they have two slots now How do yall rank importance of head cocach vs assistant staff I wonder if any of these owner fines actually get paid Hot prediction: I think gardner minshew will replace foles by week 12 ?Yikes I mean she was offsides Lol did they send out the link? As if KD will be more happy in NY Sexiness Toronto is south of Portland! Well obviously YOU think that #towelWaver Lol Danny green went 1/8 and was +11 I think we need to retire +\- Thats almost exactly what the text I sent space about Obama said Yah he can only gain by playing No risk If he plays then the reinjury risk is low Not like he has a contract at stake anyway We have no way of knowing He has 30 teams ready to max him with a torn acl He comes back and wins the series all of a sudden his earned ships goes to 3 He playing for three titles Plus a chance to banish the 3-1 lead demons No way game 7! ?? KD gone no matter what You think anyone else leaving gundy? Hmm but thatd be lakers Be careful what you wish for lmao Durant esque Kevin! Whoa Gretzky in the house Only if he dunks it These refs su ck Nah not a travel NBA scale thats 10% a travel Dont see it Dehaan Refs have been pro raptors Hahaha
 Lowry?!! Now thats a VINTAGE raptors loss Sometimes the limes are sour Mark def doesnt deserve any line movement Bovada says such and such also he fights dirty and pays early Yah I saw it B The plot and comedy was eh The Pokemon were cute as hell Yah def Hella kids were in the theatre which made it funny cause theyre just getting stoked on every new poke Raiders hardknocks? Im dying to know what Jodys plans are All zers assets are locked up Perfect for a sale Should be a good game ?Gotta say not sure who I rather have Most underrated duck? ?? Id like to see what happens when the monsters steal javale mgees talent ? God we need game 7 I realized Im just a sports hater overall I dont like any other fan bases to have joy other than me So better the warriors win Their fans will barely notice But also game 7 is just cool Chad was right Ian mindfucked us all How much is van vleets contract going to rate in 2020 Raps are dirty! Yes the joy will be stolen in the comments Whats up with this drake watch party You know he had to do it one time! Lolol Someone make A Chris Webber My next step or whatever Meme Next chapter Uh free agency is about to start Back 2 back fantasy Houman who won your shit? By the end of Houmans schooling career we will all know his loan schedule by heart ? Did you see those odds? So dope So many deals if you have a feeling Lol what! What do the warriors have to do with it The crime is one thing idc The warriors shouldnt have anything to do with it Yah why is that a good thing ??????? Sure but lets not call on corporations to run the legal system BBB Legal! Yah bullshit Lol so it was magic fucking everything up Who would you take to win a ship in 10 years. Dallas or NO Thats a good corner big dog Lol Matt Russel is not going back to LA Not sure why either side would want to do business with each other Although lmao I guess the lakers would look pretty smart trading a player who then just comes back and signs with them Yah thats seems like a good fit Dehaan A rich mans klay Thomsons ACL! Might be a deadline deal for the zers but dont see anything happening now Sucks Ian stoped looking at the life chat. You think he knows about the trade yet? Liga * Chris Paul requesting a trade (?) Is there no cap flexibility for the lakers if he waits? Feel like you can lod up on FA and then extend your guys to go over Idktho Whoa thats cool ?? Lol lakers Twitter is like well Zion will be ready to request a trade in 2024 so we good Klutch looks good here. They get their clients what they want Yes theyre both better Yes Houman Its optional Thats why theyre great The ultimate GM v GM gamble ? Board man gets paid is really good tho So much packaged up in there Represents a whole slice of ball culture Worse: Reddit nba streams gone Cant believe it wasnt a bigger story that he admitted it World wide wob was on the windy pod saying he was for sure it happened and Jackie macmullen was hardcore denying I see you gundy Guess he thinks 30 this year + worst case 4 the next is less that maybe 45 over three? But I agree Whoa Young Love Legend Phoenixxxx ? Lmao Rengel works for first take?? Not going to find anyone who doesnt like that fit Dont think Rubio above average pg Would def take 20 guys over him Harden, curry, Kyrie, Lillard, Kemba, Conley, Westbrook, ben, Paul, Russell, holiday, fox, wall , Brogdon, young, Lowry, Murray, dragic, Thats 18 Mitorabi ?? Idk thats not what it says in my phone Id be so annoyed if the franchise I rooted for ever sold a pick Would you give turner and 25 to Memphis for nothing They have a huge trade exception It moves our midlevel up $4million I heard 6 > 10 Idk thats why I asked Word on the street is jody may have different Tastes I subscribe to wings only Big men and PGs are plentiful and gettable anytime Doesnt Sweden play uber defense This is not going to work lol This stuff is tough!! Jay Billia or Oliver maroney : this is the point of the draft where you imagine you take best player available...but you may also draft based on need..."? Yes plz BURN Trade chip ? BAZEGOD I like it Like it for both teams Perfect guy to give a chance to play w dame He could improve ET is ET The top check point or whatever is funny Why should harden be mvp? Well he finished top two the last two seasons!! What. I wish someone had made me do leftys Hows the sauces reputation for cardio Well that would be a major win for them right? Sweet sounds like a 2031 first rounder should get it done You can get lakers dont win championship -180 Interesting. Lowe pod givoney says his favorite pick was Nassir little Unfortunately for Ian Sean marks says his fav is herro See what Kanter said about ZION? Julius Randle with hops https://youtu.be/hqyhojksn4U Wtf Chad give us a mil/year Yah Yikes Sure but he better in a way that hes less better in his skill set of that makes any sense Like hes better if I could only have one but Marcus is a bigger percentage in guys like himself Exactly Would you rather have the odds of your top 3 teams to win the title or the field? Yah Little Nassir X ? Mwahahah Yah thats a rad jersey ? Shut up Seriously great timing I cannot fucking wait for the over unders to drop Lmao Yah kaep looks dumb Betsy was a Quaker Yah thats a great fit Especially if they make him run some lines Slim boogie Eww Yah miss me w Korver I think their strat is great Lets get the culture Nothing they really do have over other teams One thing* Leverage* Anyone who isnt working out for non ball reasons is a good target for them. Make Portland the mental health capital of the nba You should combine forces with Neil gundy Wow Off white Would be kinda genius to tell the team early but not let it leak out so the other 2 teams are screwed Best nba season ever coming up Lol Doc working with PG is funny given the history w his daughter The east sucks! ? SnakeVentures Yah you could argue Fifa is the only org who can make each counties org pay equal Its an interesting convo Like one one hand women shouldnt make as much as men because their sports dont make any money Butttt youre basically saying you can pay certain employees more because your customers are sexist Yah I tend to agree with the top point id be curious but I doubt it Thats interesting tho. Us soccer should just pay exactly off their revenue from either Shouldnt be more complex that that Because mens soccer actually has leagues houman? As opposed to what Yah Im just asking why would the men have a different structure? Im guessing in everyday life they make way more money, so would rather do bonus vs base salary? Right so that would kind of make sense then Women would want the base security since theyre making very little outside Which is ironic considering they actually win lol Ill read that article Id watch Okay Ill ask again now: Would you rather get your choice of 3 teams or the field for the ship I think if I got 4 teams I would go lakers clipps bucks and sixers and feel really safe I would cross out nugs Jazz warriors and zers there Over under going to be lit either way ? Add a pick in? Yah best case Pat Riley will be damned if any of those unprotected picks are good Yah westbrok to rockets Paul to Miami and other stuff to okc no Gundy but its much better NFL finally has QBs for everyone also 11 teams are under 20:1 in NFL Im trying to imagine how an nfl team could be +200 at season start boring day at work, looked into it ? Def can see how different this year is, a lot closer to nfl (Log scale y-axis) Im not visiting fucking Portland gear Ive heard a range of like a big package for Westbrook all the way to okc having to attach stuff just to get rid of him. No one seems to agree what hes worth with the contract Ian following you and gundes social you could fool yourself into thinking that you two are on a nice getaway together Or he goes to Orlando and we get more of what we want ? ? Necessary? Is it necessary for me to drink my own urine? 4 seed in the east tho ? Idk Im just smeering the east Your * ;) Yah I mean lets not overrate the nets and pacers Or the Celtics Id say the heat are easily in their class Hmm well theyre still not a contender I dont think they added a player any other team would want They had hood last year And Im including the contracts Sorry cant give greater than a C Its passable but doesnt move the needle One team got Paul George and kawai Leonard. Its a scale Were not the Knicks either No indication they rank any higher in their conference D Hey dont get me wrong The moves themselves are great All those moves work and zers fans should be glad they did them But like zoom out and look at the league Theyve been held back awhile ?Well this game is finally dead What a haul By far said a three teamed heat okc and Houston two days ago think thats still the goal It is but doubt okc wants grumpy CP on the team all year They would improve the parade tho Losing to the warriors is automatic second place in the west Lol that list is how yall want off-season grades to look Jesus 10k rats win easy They should at least have to submit their scoring after each round Sounds sick to me Were heading straight for a situation where every good player in on 12 teams who all have no firsts until 2098 All or nothing rocks Hes a 76 on 2k Little Nassir X Factor You can tweet that mark The Mark j curry faith healing episode is amazing Think hes going to be really good for us ?Please forward ??????? Dont set off the herro brigade That Oliver maroney? The French not always the best of getting back on defense Yah like what wasnt true or even rude about what he said The Story of How the Dog Died Lol thats space basking in the glow of his ad campaign and the explosion is the wrath of the polish community Also The Game inspired cover http://twitter.com/ryguyguyry/status/1158861071676932096 Yes Someone make a fake delta customer service account and help this guy out Boys outting? Ive altways been an irrational Geno fan Ohh port2 is nice so far Boys The NfL Over Under is back Nfl-ou.herokuapp.com Come take the crown from the Big Dog $20 Anyone see a screening of once upon a time yet? I think act a fool is still the best In April Lets sit 100 this time Just like meyers Just makes it more watchable everyone should be happy they play Monday night week 1 too That helmet is going to get so much camera time Think so Not bad on the Magic scale Well he didnt do A or The Oh yah weird My guess is he thought of two movies And then copy pasted a bunch of others Lol do I need to start releasing LigaClout ratings? QB is fatty deep Dont even draft one wait till Sunday at 9 (In single QB) Gundy if youre going 2 QB Id recommend super flex just fyi so if you want to start another position you can Which is why 2QB is great Also get rid of kickers Kickers are like a random number generator May as well do IDP also Yah they are no its not actually Its worse than IDP! Yah a lot of people give 5 points for a 50 yard fg Im not arguing for IDP Im saying youd never do it and kickers are the same thing 5 points! Aaron Donald is wayyyy more predicatably better in IDP than Clowney than zurlein is better than the bills kicker yah you may enjoy the kicker drama but again its just a random number generator Yup Yah I like the top 6 on a week get a win yah week to week Meaning top 6 is one win Yes ia gree One huge week shouldnt lock up playoffs My dream is two wins are possible per week One for head to head And one for top 6 Keep that rivalry and shit talk but make everyone look out for everyone else Right so do both we want a safety net Clayton! im not sure if that type of strategy actually works matt right I feel ya Always love the like ohh my opponent is starting Larry Fitz, gotta get Skelton in !! The RB vs QB is certainly legit if youre mad favored to lose May as well roll it if you need juice Auction is the shit So fun ? Oops wrong chat wow Honestly we should send the G league all starts Like why not Hahahah Thats some sigep level drinking peer pressure You could root for them so much more Lebron getting a gold medal is not that cool to me ? ? ?Lmao Ask him on linkedin Was it friendly fire? Lmao https://www.espn.com/college-football/story/_/id/27400239/louisiana-coach-players-pay-booster-fee Trash Its nice this time of year. You can riot and then see the falls Is that Robert Swift Wow that is a hall of famer What a tweet Tagging the brand was the worst part Dude The pac commissioner is an idiot Saying he wants early kickoffs Late games a huge part for the pac advantage I dont really value national attention Contender will get in the playoff anyway Meanwhile they are kicking every other conference in the ass at home I was baiting dubov to come in like this all along Always so conservative. Oh jeez Started listening Bill cant get a word in lol No hes just recapping things everyone knows ? Oh super deluxe is nice @spaceman you picking UCLA for the natty this year again? 10-Oct ?? College bets I just laid ?Here was last years results. Went larger 2.5 The lakers had javale interview Dwight to see if the lakers could trust him Rengel I would participate Also know this will trigger some but until the Oregon line went from 9 to 8.5 that was on the under list. Im not trying to win a contest Im trying to be 2-1 also Many of those are picked as floor is 6 so why not pick over Lol I invite public commentary Think this list could certainly improve through a human review process If I was in a picks contest that would be a butt entry I agree Yah you dont even need to be accurate just over react to everything Holy shit Chad absolute victory Not the nfl-ou.herokuapp.com Go bet :) ? Meyers just gives the haters exactly what they want its sad I like that peter man Bortles: 0.666 in playoffs 5tds 0 ints, Luck: 0.500 12 tds 13 ints Canadian Bots Not a fan lol Thats actually funny #phenomScreening Hahah I saw that. Def the type of thing you receive living w Mitch and Ian We still like chip kelly outlasting Patricia?? I would love to slap a blank map down and see the Liga full it out ? Who you rooting for rengel ??????? These helmets are a 10 The oline blew them up there Step over lmao Herby looks jacked this year I am Def afraid of Anders Carlson tho ?Madden 2011 Would love Houmans take on arod saying a 2 run lead is better than a 3 run lead Meme it boys The Amazon fires are expected to cause $13 billion in economic damage to the area. Today Leoandro barbosa scored 13 points ?? @sportsillustrated How come Giannis doesnt post under the rim and just swat everything over the cup Rumors Zeke about to get 90 mil 100% NFL gets in finally out in. These are whats on vada right now ? Last chance to get in nfl-ou.herokuapp.com I got 6 losses on the sched! Titans under is also a hot bet By game time. TOMORROW Yup like that as well Derwin is a huge loss Dont forget to play all the dogs this weekend the general public is not ready for sports gambling lmao I heard you can go to marks house and get a better meat and gambling experience overall verrrrrry interesting College sports are weak Yah no Thursdays for me Well actually im taking pack for dogs but not as a pick Chiefs over packers super bowl Both. Someone can play candy crush into your asshole He hates unions He auditioning for derrick whites basketball camp ??????? If army wins they could easily go undefeated can you imagine trump ranting about college ball leaving army out of the playoffs!? ? All dogs tomorrow 1-0 atm Taking all dogs but Broncos Rams and Bills are my locks I think darnold will be better this year but jets getting too much hype I have way too much josh allen stock. May be my fantasy downfall Josh Allen the runner lol Yikes ?? ?? ?? Welp Def forgot how much I hate commercials Minshew is better than Foles Foles will be back for playoffs I like that Conely guy. He balled for the Chiefs last year Fucking skins Lol Matt dont think theyve arrived yet In fantasy Prob Thats why real fantasy leagues use FAAB If you were down by 1 with minimal time left on your own one yardline, could it be a big brain to purposefully safety so you can get some better field position and try to tie with a long fg? Oops you have to punt it Now thats just dumass brain Yes Yup. Again reddit beats paying Its insane I hav the nba discord I can send yall All the stream links moving to discord. No worries Download discord and get into the nba streams discord group. Basically Reddit just self moderated Gotta stay ahead of the curve out here. YES! Josh Its only right if they go 4-13 12-Apr Yessss Think Antonio will be back on the masked singer? Rengel if I dont get a HaHa on that Im never giving you one again Never lost faith 2-0 on the picks so far Dogs trailing tho Actually 4-4 G Spot TY$ ?? It was def a setup ? Another gam another dog Dogs 10-6 ATS, locks 2-1 ?? R/historymemes has a 20 year moratorium after an event happens. 1 more year LMAO Seems like maybe a short term opportunity If Meyers posted a sextape would yall watch Right cam on Meyers the whole time Make sure to eat it in the case in front of the tv More like DimWittie ? Boys chiefs browns. Going big favs this week I love this Bills team Oof When you lock down trubisky and cousins youre def the best D in the conference Kyler the Creator 3 points in the superbowl If you had to have a qb playa. Game for your life would you rather have Flacco Trubisky cousins Jameis or mariota Im sure they avg it What an idiot Slippery slope Theres bigger problems Blah blah Well guess he should stick to sports 5-1 ATS ?? #toute I dont think the boys will be covering Will it be a lock? Stay tuned Not to mention Pau beats him in virtually all stat categories Fun fact theyve both played exactly 33.4 mpg Marc also not playing 400 more nba games Im betting Book dealers hurting society a lot more lmao ive only been to Changs once with Jimmys family but they told me the meat in those is made of monkeys Yup ?Darnold actually still a Hs student? ?Two trains passing in the night ?? Austrian Historical Pride Lol nope Rengel are you 30? Lol no Wtf that wasnt a catch on the Td What a bad call Yah I like dark mode but the contrast is too high It should be Grey on grey yuop exactly chad Im sure its lucrative kyle Allen costed me $440 #NAME? If Jacoby brisket Josh Allen Kyle Allen and Mason Rudolph all cover the spread in the same week . Fournette up the middle? ? Bears -4, chiefs -5.5, rams -3.5. Todays theme: better team rolls. (5-1 on season so far) Think my bills could struggle today. Also like bengals phins Steelers and bucs ATS Come back to use Dubov Us Going chiefs main screen butttt second one goes to the phins. Gotta see this destruction Announcers in chiefs game The ravens cant for for it on fourth because if they dont get it the crowd will go wild! Hardman is crazy fast Yah they look great Yah its actually not a risk to go for a fourth an 2 against the chiefs Its a risk to give the ball to mahomes over and over Just hilarious these coaches finally learning basic math and game theory Eagles have sooo many injuries Didnt have the balls to bet on the lions Lamar got slurped so hes for beating two shit teams. Cant hit a pass today Hard * Yah not happy What a terrible throw fucking lucky ass Lamar Fuck Thats a back foot Back door Carson week after week man Penny should be lead Saqounnnnw Kamara is so sick Did they have two? Yikes What is the best division I cant even come up with one Yah the north Gotta be the answer but I dont like it Hahah Karma is coming for everyone who took that colts under in my over under lol 2-1 locks. Another nice week 0.5 Pt away from 3-0 Wow less than a month for nba Is that Clayton Holy shit the lines are mega juicy this week Is it actually better for Dems to not run against him ? Venmo me directly save gundy the time Again when will the nba have WNBA jersey night Youll get a text some point in the next 3 weeks that the draft is starting in 10 mins Butler or Fultz is the debate that will tear Florida apart this winter Whew Whistle blower huh Exactly chad Cause we need more content chad Yah no thanks https://theconcourse.deadspin.com/heights-ranked-1838486892 230! Yah I didnt even look before and I said in my head 6 4 is perfect (As a 6 3 person ) I just wear flat shoes not Jordans like 5 11 guys Silver is going to exonerate me Could confirm later but dont remember that Pretty great a guy goes out on a stretcher and the next play his replacement gets circled as a guy they shod target lmao AB in the pack tmrw? https://deadspin.com/red-sox-and-rangers-cast-aside-all-dignity-in-battle-ov-1838506027 You see that theory that he isnt allowed to walk back to the three point line anymore between free throws Which used to be his routine Well we do live in a society #gohawks Lol we see Oregon snake a OSU commit? https://www.oregonlive.com/recruiting/2019/09/devon-williams-usc-transfer-and-reported-oregon-state-pledge-commits-to-oregon-ducks.html All my beaver friends were soooo stoked about this guy a day ago Makes me feel superior https://reddit.com/r/nba/comments/da17ak/the_spurs_play_starcraft_beween_games_of_the_1999/ Lol keep me coming Em Yikes Lol Matt. Kyrie def plays protoss You throw down?! Again going with a square set this week. Chiefs Pats Boys ATS. Also added in a Bucs +15 Pat -1 Chiefs -1 six point teaser +150 for fun 7-2 to date I wish but not happening Have a weird feeling the chargers could charger They say hes only an emergency player Prob wait you should have someone better Dopppee Mahomes cant play indoors Huge sequence in Detroit. Refs avtually made the right call and then fumble Josh Allen. Fantasy floor lol Unreallll Still in cover range here Gotta overturn that looks Td What a bad call You should be allowed to be a ref over 45. The eyesight is actually an issue I think if I were an NFL player I would be less jealous of nba players making more money but more jealous of the fact they dont have to wear full uniforms in any commercial they show up in Lmao Carson Palmer get enshrined in AZ?!? Big yikes lmao ? Why ditch my guy? #karma The undefeated Rams Dope game Tiktok put the number one billboard out and it lasted a year God this rams game is good Love John elway getting exposed Arent those all things for me yessss Crazy his name still makes me remember how good he was My god what a butt draft that was Yah ban him https://deadspin.com/vontaze-burfict-ejected-for-particularly-heinous-late-h-1838596827 Lol comment Hey, if theres one thing you cant criticize Donald Trump for, its leading with his head. Wait her name isnt Mambacita right Nah What a clown thing to say Imagine tweeting that out in a professional sense about a company you worked with 3-2 dame Lol no one is more out of touch than the army of producers at tnt Same people slapping chucks head on still images in 2019 as their #1 content Anyone who gets that high up in network tv is so washed Like all the pregame fox stuff give me a break Riggle on that Andy dalton life A little!! Bunky Terry Howy and Jimmy? yah he might be a robot Sco Rays Hes def a hall of famer compare him to his peers Theres no one in competaition When he will be eligible he will smoke all competition yah again theres no one in his age range that will beat him out Rg3 and luck crashed (his draft class) Stafford Flacco etc will not take his slot Yah but Russel beats Ryan And cam newton Qb hasnt even been as important as now more and more qbs will get in Again, look through the dudes in Russells age range and no one else compares Hes the qb of his era Mahomes the king of the next round Bothell > OSU > rams Ians nightmare lmaooo Especially back in the 2000s People would say anything Yah why cant verniers just he minister of socialism on warrens ticket and get this shit over with ? (This text brought to you by Brocks +900 bovada bet on Elizabeth warren ) Bernie * Thats crazy shes the best candidate Agree with that Thats not her stance Dubov, obviously thats dumb Yah exactly Ian ahh Yes no one gets an award for not being trump yah she could smoke trump so I wouldnt mind I got her at 36:1 2 years ago Republicans want Biden to win. Thats all that needs to be said Hahah Anyone check in w mr Hoenig The team Portland missed out on vs the team were gonna get ? ?Can someone face hole turner in this So true 3 AM is just dumb also like youre just going to be tired all day for no reason Now that you mention it I think cam tweeted out that exact same thing at the NO bachelor party. Im going into my morning meeting with my hoodie like that Yah def Or like hes gonna be on the bachelor now hahah Jared Goff has fumbled in every game since November 19 th of last year besides the super bowl (a game he otherwise made unwatchable) That being said I think the rams win tonight and kupp goes wild Rivers is no way in r u joking?? Eli is 50/50 I wouldnt Zero chance That ref is a fucking nerd Rivers is def not in dude like 2 playoff wins Many many bad bad seasons Ben has 2 superbowls hes a maybe like Dobov was saying its tougher than you think! Elis backend has been hOrriiiblle his two Super Bowl seasons he was 9-7 His stats were never in the upper tier of guys in his era at all Will take anyone $20 rivers doesnt make it Come one cum all Sweet deal HOF throw I dont understand how its on East time zone Pete has not recovered from getting beaned in the face Jeeessuzz He went to Jared ?? Pete is STOKED NFL Over Under is up https://bt-nba.herokuapp.com/ NBA** Go Hawks Nanobubs ? I see what you did there Alex Cam its for my nba over under contest that is def not secret ??????? https://bt-nba.herokuapp.com/ $20 Look at Cam paying already Be like Cam Yeee new participants love it. The Orlando magic are currently sporting a 42.5 OU ?? Im just a major Orlando magic hater I ended up going to a blazers magic game like 6 years in a. Row during the Alfred Payton era and the games were so unwatchable Last year they finally went over but I refuse to believe they can win 43 games lol Every year I have to suppress the urge to pick 10 east unders Im actually more attracted to her after yesterday Still waiting for space to start streaming on twitch Whens the last time you followed someone new on Twitter Ive added like 3 people in the last year agree Time for you to get in the Over Under @chad He looked pretty good while his knee was torn lol Yikes more like Craigslist Carpet Lows This is the first season in 10 years thats not true houmie Chip getting his bell rung by the beavs Locks are browns ravens and Texans (7-5 on season) Yah smh. They have the link right there tho Refs suck in Pitt Unbelievable they didnt overturn that Did it get blocked? Need ravens to take this in OT Texans cover and some QBs who actually are not good even though they smoked the dolphins: dak, lamar, phillip(?) Phillip Rivers golden jacket game Hell be the white kaep Reminds me of when Kevin arnoviz had Marbury on his podcast and was like since your such a star in china, does that make you think a lot about their lack of freedom etc. etc. starrybury was like oh no its fine Chinese people couldnt handle that level of freedom they dont even want it lol Yup. This is great for the Monday talk shows Literally every single show will mention this across every news outlet Lavars silence can only mean that a BBB relaunch focused on the Chinese market is in the works Picks due game time of first game So you have a bit ? I saw you Dubov Booger is a ginormous fucking idiot How you punt down 25 Anyone else get this? ? I keep thinking Sports teams should be owned by the cities /states Sieze them! Team presidents elected officials Unfortunately they would dominate the election cycle and ruin any focus on real issues Lol yah. The dems dont care about our o line!!! Waiting for the Uighur thing to pop into all of this as well Will you even juul in moda again tho 4 way stops Jesus Whoa. Wonder if that will affect extensions No cause theyd be paying massive lux Grind your own beans in the meeting Eagles +3, bucs +2.5, saints +1, Seattle +2 am I living in crazy land?? Will mark debut an all RAPTOR entry in the over under??? I thought you were a gut handicapper mark The Cowboys For Angels Ticket! Pats defense +10.5 vs giants offense ? In telling you thats the future its going to suck Predictive lines Personalized All the tracking data they have on you Any demo Oh gundy just bought a files jersey?
 He has a website Dubov? Yah def Or you could put a piece of double side tape and stick it at the bottom but maybe you tried that Yah if the part where the rope attaches was further back that would be easier About to lose this TB line. Went boys and skins also Skins-3 Jesus then on dark mode you burned my eyes Easily the mvp right now Could be ROY Nah rb cant win Freddiieeee Why does kc run the ball What a playcall thats garbage Go rams Lol yall see that crazy browns fan I can smell a jimmy g meltdown game coming soon Meltdown gammeeee Phillip just building his hof case Brick by brick I can tell this chill mix is the only thing keeping Dubov from ripping the head off the next marketing douche who sicks his head in his cube MVP chatter? This is a good mix tho Is the Renner app back? I hate videos Anything longer than 10 secs of a guy getting nailed in the dong miss me They count people with Adblock? Boooooooo!!! Fuck lebron Shit is scary man. China about to be censoring all of us just cause our companies dont want the risk Hopefully you all out your foot down and only draft players who dont support China this Wednesday Lol what is he whining about? People asking him questions? Nothing bad happened Patricia still outlasting chip No question Wasnt unbelievable. Just like dumb and stole a fun ending away Def a bad call and just weird at that point in the game also Def not LA is having a mini sports apocolypse right now Rams and chargers imploding, Kershaw gives up the series, USC an UCLA are 4-8 combined, LeBron is a Chinese agent, The kings are also 2-3, not sure if thats registering Except.... Win an MVP yup No they werent Alex No Gunde its because the line play is by far more important than the rbs abilities O line making a great play is wayyy more important than an rb doing it Everyone is doing it w blocks Matt prater this year tho in seriousness, if hawks only get to 9 wins and panthers get to 12 then it will be interesting But like they have to win for him to get enough yards to get in the convo and that will be tough Like even the last game was a net negative for him He avg like 1.6 yardages. carry yah Yah I like some of goldsberrys ideas to revive it Jalen RAMsey Crazy he did beat the chiefs in the playoffs What the panthers would def not get rid of cam 0 shot. Kyle Allen isnt playing that well even Cam won the mvp Yah and Matt Ryan starting for the falcons for another three years min Wow mariners only team to never make WS now Boys would I ever let this happen https://www.oregonlive.com/business/2019/10/oregon-lottery-website-crash-not-from-sports-betting-app-launch-officials-say.html Wonder how many blazers bets that will take in a year https://bt-nba.herokuapp.com/ Ugh all caps lol is the worst I read Gary is almost completely dead Thats sexy https://deadspin.com/cops-alabama-student-made-false-bomb-threat-in-order-t-1839101735 Lmao Is he really going top 5 like some people are saying? Lol what is this pic like your contact picture for him? Anyone ever won this thing 3 years in a row? Get in here boys I dont want to compete w autodraft Youre a valued owner kinda like senile type not involved in the day to day Yah def a good target Prediction Zers win the ship. Oregon loses $700million with the bettering app Have to fire teachers and rolling blackouts Whats literally the most he could get 100? 144? 124? Paging @capologist_butler Well! looks like you got shadow banned chad Yah im going to say he can prob get more than 90 then 43% from 3 is nice Woof no thanks Giannis is a fat fav but I think hes a bad deal AD +700, embiid + 1200, lillard +2800, would be my bets Kawai playing 30 games Mvp alllll about guys who will care about reg season Kawaii wont give a shit Harden is def eligible Jokic is not a candidate in my mind Mitchell not good enough Wont say no chance but dont see it. Dont think he has another monster level to get to Hes just good ANT 50/1 for ant most improved Real reason Chad bought a house: he can scream at the tv every zers game. No wall neighbors Blazers: mental health capital of the nba They need to lean into it! Seems right Well one loss Clemson beats ducks same with one loss sec ND is a problem Rengel Jr on the way confirmed You are hiding a child nmo no same ? Anyone doing my under over please copy Simmons calls ?? chad = shadow banned im telling you Already getting excited to drop the next word cloud HEZONJA CUM God please Lmao but in the exact same sentence he said hes not really that good I love this narrative that KD was a 7 footer 2 years ago Turns out hes not even close?! 69.5 Prob someone pranking you Beavs over hitsss Sco http://twitter.com/cjzero/status/1185596251506696192 Tweet him back and tag Oliver M! Get this man someone w professional media experience ? Is ferrel playing well? And josh Jacobs is an rb thats a wasted pick Eh rather draft an impact position and had it to latevious Murray Yes phins Rams need to cut gurley so they dont feel obligated to give him the ball Oops lmao what a catch Hekkkerrr 3-0 today Im back! Pete terrible challenge Dude is concussed 4 weeks now Cause the refs all agreed they will never overturn a PI call Wahhh I have every handcuff now mwhahah No Im not If I can win this week Ill be right in the mix and again Ill exploit these stupid waiver rules all year Please count me out ?? ?? ?? Ive noticed youve been top scorer quite a few years!! ???? Lmao Mitch is so bad Nice thing since Ian started ragging on me latavious scored 2 tds and Im proj to win by 10 See you in 4 weeks @Ian_holmes So on averageee.. Clips not getting number one seed They dont care PG hurt still Says who Again theres 0 incentive to win games Man this season is gonna rock Ian get those under over picks in, you know you want that Zers under Dubov you only have 6 in Chad you are at 4 Cam at 5 Mark you are empty Micheal empty yee Make sure to get 5 spuerpicks Dude high up inmy NFL over under forgot and only put in 4 lol Im winning this year I can feel it Lol chad they also have the blazers ranked 10 there I believe Betting top 4 East teams under as usual this year. Hasnt gone worse than 2-2 in ~15 years Should go 13-2 Zion outty Anything good crossing the maroney wire lately? Miss that guy ? So mark would share his idea got it Anyone else Lmao I feel like this Kuzma tweet is the meme of the season Chad send me your discord username Theres a discord server that people post links to Buff is good tho Trudeau takes it. ?? Dont remember Ill tell you when it caches tomorrow. Bovada wont display all my opens ?? Its how you never run out of vada cash Back when the gun emoji caused all that violence I think what Dubov is saying is diversity is not a problem the average person in a company can tackle at all On the other hand some higher up at a company should find a way to get the qualified diverse applicants resumes on that persons desk on what planet is phoenix going to finish behind Memphis Lol in the notes app Some of the best content of all time has been written in the notes app actually Weight lifting Some of yall never watched Metrex World Strongest Man on espn when you were a kid and it shows Lol Gemini man was written by the game of thrones writers. Fucking hacks Yup No they didnt Clayton Youve got to be kidding me That writing was so cringe And They also reduced the number of episodes they did Weird how all the seasons based on the books were amazing and the minute they had to make up anything it sucked Nope they ruined it Every single detail of the show got appreciably worse The last two seasons were like if they had a fan fic contest and picked the 8th place winners script I think most fans of the show agree They did have enough time! They literally chose to do less episodes than they were budgeted for So they could do Star Wars Okay you dont get extra credit for quitting early and turning in a bad product Def not unhappy with the outcomes of the story The writing was abysmal They wrote a scene were theon gets in a fight and he wins because a kick to the balls didnt affect him Shes muhh queen None of the characters had any motivation for doing anything they did Not true The council thing at the end was the most contrived shit Oh got it Again it was their choice Watch the actors reactions when they ask if the finale was good Theyre all like ehhhhh Well go see gemini man and tell me how the writing is Yah Im not out on a limb here ? Matt Im interested but waiting to get the go ahead when the season is over Think the golden compass could be entertaining As well You should read it Dubov its crazy But read watchmen its a staple Hows west world doing? Couldnt bother to watch after s1 Man Id be so annoyed if I was in that video Yah Clayton i agree very mean Reggie is a dipship Dipshit Boardman to a board man https://twitter.com/RealSaavedra/status/1186798814339821568?s=20 Hahah This is the best one right now imo https://home.nflbite.com/ Has nba also ? These tho Still dying over your last slack conversation post NUGZ SMASHIN TONITEEE!!! Turns out the 3am workout this morning may have been a bad idea Picks are public on bt-nba.herokuapp.com Ill send out an email this week also summing it up Goddam that was weak Brad in Denver is going nuts right now Wait what You cant pick two teams for the 8th seed Lmao just read that Jim Boylen had a punch clock made where the bulls players punch in for practice Lol mark knows its a 82 game season I dont bet Thursdays but the skins are covering 17 Baseball EASILY had the dumbest most problematic dudes of any sport This maga umpire is hilarious and exactly how imagine every ump Ducking dame after the rap beef? Skins cover Trudeau was -180 @big_dog Just like wsu is a safety school yes Ian BUT Oregon vs Oregon state , osu is the safety Vs UW is real tough to get in WSU is def the safety side But yes UO is a safety school B flat student in high school gets in Idk isnt there like 50% of classes that are auto As? Which were boston U average high school gpa is 3.7 So thats a safety schhol Like I applied to a bunch of schools I had little chance of getting into (Stanford,cal) Then a few like usc, ucla, uw that I did And then Oregon because in case I got rejected at all I was auto in Which one was your safety school The terms depends on the group that is talking about it i guess I would argue WSU doesnt even qualify for safety school Ians dad told me a story of how he took a shit on the pioneer mothers lap in 1983 Jk I made that up This is the world the democrats want Yah Ian its possible that this season is not even close to wide open and in fact just as much a foregone conclusion as any other Hahah must win For the cord is great Jimmy out again? Thats messed up man Okay that last part was all propaganda That guy kinda looks like chad #bucksUnder Rengel hes joes brother I have a spooky feeling a Jets Falcons ML parlay could hit tomorrow. 12:1 about 38-1 I said spooky feeling not a lock lmao. Last time they faced off it was a three point game. Hawks won but Russell threw for 124 yards ? #clipsUnder Literally going to be the definition of the clips season Beat the lakers and lose to the Suns. Nooo Fuckkkk I cant believe that drop whats. Disaster Yikes My PTSD says wide by 15 yards Whiter than I Going Bucs pack and colts +1 for year atm :\ Go billz ??????? Always shocking when nab rolls around again. Like wow theres actually games every damn day It is real Get chad the anti Meyers content he needs to get sucked in Also. NBA loan system would suck Not a fan. Yah but big picture Player movement is destroying fan allegiance to franchises This would do even more damage No way coaches cant help themselves lol The league needs to invest more in quick reviews. Why are the refs at the game doing the reviews? In any case Should be a HQ. fast as fuck. Oh theres a challenge? No problem someone has been looking at this play already lets ask them Also more sensors. Like if someone was touching the ball or not or foot on the line should be solved automatically already Man looking a dames games played each season What a god Lol panick season already Gundy you and Dylan are tied in the nfl ou 
 Yup Juju Yah that was his shot on DET Damn it Plus like whats the market for another site that huts posts spirts news? All my podcasts are advertising for the new cbs sports network We stick to sports! No politics!! Okay ill make sure not to check that out thanks im still holding my breath Like will they allow it but regulate it themselves? In a manner consistent with the college model bullshit Kinda the mo of the site So fits their culture. Wouldnt expect anything different Thats kinda weak Yah but thats your choice personally. Doesnt mean taking a stand isnt admirable Yah but if someone else did it would be cool Youre sensitive! Whats them getting another job matter to you That suggest its immature Its not immature Its standing up for something Its not like theyre posting pictures of animal penises Thats a real video Theyve had a million videos like that on that site Cause I agree with standing up for yourself over corpo journalism shit down types How are they not the good guys here Fuck respect culture Only way every one can find out Guess they should have sent an in house slack message Nope def not Just because you wouldnt do it doesnt mean that isnt cool someone else thinks its important enough to risk personal gain for a cause It can certainly be argued against Yah and then everyone said this is why youre wrong. Thats an arguement If thats why they bought it Which I think they may have Then protesting that is more important than ever Cause thats something happening all over now But to Ians admission earlier The real reason theyre in this spot Is posting hulk Hogans sex tape Sooo... Dubov May have some small tiny point! Ha good one less dirtbag Thats mine howd I do Jefferson Davis had a similar take I cant wait for all the people saying they wont watch anymore if players get paid Like why would you ever care Paying players in scholarships is like paying them in company store credit Vpn is easy chad ahahah They posted so many hilarious pictures of him Meyers Kleber pouring it in Ahaha Can anyone name his pro basketball reference nick name Lmao either herro or Murray As a teaser probfootballref says Patrick mahomes nickname is Fatrick Murray is Blue Arrow herro? BOY WONDER Well he has 4 tho Herro only has this one I like The Don Yah what a ding dong amazing Finally a dope prime time game, pats v ravens this Sunday kawai Yah if you triple the line lmao One of my overs 26 wins is a slap in the face of a team with Beal Oooo controversy! Lmao dubov is 100% correct yeah thats his fault Mental Injuries! Yah I think Im laying the points in this one Draymons back about to get real sore Yah I think thats correct Creative world you can just assume everyone has a Mac In business ppt or die Outlook Outlook has dark mode, my gmail still doesnt Yahon Phoenix im still stuck tho Phone Yah but it also just flows into all the stuff you dont think about Microsoft is loved by system admins To manage your corporate account Which then means you can put all the conference rooms in etc etc calendars and boom now everything is outlook for meetings and such Yup So dumb ben should get 2 games also Meyers Blocked Us On Twitter Blitzkreig Lows Yah but he would def not like OFF WHITE If you cant get Meyers.. ohh nooooo Lmao imagine if they had a bracket for the elections The one Ian posted is the best He just started balling again SCOO It says it right there Some of my players are missing games, I never get any luck in the liga ?? Packers pats Vikings (12-12) on season Cause the jags beat them last time they played And the jags always do decent in London But yes texans seem like the pick at this point 5 Guys In My Ass Ian youre paying by the text right refs are always out to lunch these days I cant believe how bad the reffing is Them slippery crab butter hands Weird red zone possession Feels like warriors fans are getting off too easy They have crossed too far into theyre so bad they cant even be embarrassing if that makes sense Yah exactly. Now they get a year off and a top 5 pick its bullshit Fuck I was wondering why you wren being so positive Games not quite over Dehaan but yah Lamo they just pick on one guy Dean yessssss Arrains a total pussy d Yah it makes it so much worse if youre rooting against it Chris Bosh is programming full time now he doesnt have time Well as someone on the technical side chad, I can tell you nothing will motivate the team like a forwarded email from sales with a WTF PEOPLE added in Headline: blazers bring in hasheem thabeet, Dejuan Blair, and Byron Mullens in for workouts Lol My son dubov has conditioned me to assume this is Luka 1000x better job than placekicker Yah they are being super annoying they keep removing futures from my open bets Make sure to write down your ref numbers And they wont settle anything unless I email them to Jimmy and Embiid need to shut up and dribble Does he have to wear the mask 24/7? lmao It feels so late I cant believe they are about to play a basketball game Gallinari time Kicking a fg? pussy jeter did it clean They would just go 8 home games and 8 away games Youre in London for 2 months and then done Theyre the perfect team for it they already play 16 away games Yah the one asshole whos used the ncaa to profit of his likeness the most One of us! yuge game for my under overs #notMyBigDog ? jazz over Philly under lezgo Also: @michael_dehaan8 ? Talk at the king best not miss! Ian pick it up No idea modern players avoid motorcycle crashes on back2backs That R^2 value is shit! 0 correlation Plussss, youd have to correct for big cities having other things to do and presumably the best strip clubs Angrycentrist? come on Yah setback huh Lol yah all owners pissed Robby Gould out for Monday night Scared Mark? Cant wait to be super extra enraged by booger this week Damnn. Baylor is killing Nh Like the worst Ive ever seen Oh wait old lmao Just saw this ? ??????????? #myBigDog Step bros. Easy Yup No they are just waiting until next year They will be full strength plus a top 5 pick False falg Curry not actually hurt Cant wait to see the footage of him playing patty cakes w Riley Yah so dumb Loan from a family member Family friend* Heats heading towards a blowout against good competition? Yes bojannovic Jazz on a roll West > East bleh Yes Yup the national media is stoked to crush the zers Half the comments: Trade CJ start Ant Anyone vibing out to the #magachallenge today Chiefs Rams Vikings VPN I used it in Japan to watch game of thrones it was so easy Yah I think its because gambling sites like to obscure your record from you I have used one called BETSPERTS for a contest and it was pretty cool actually Dont you tiktok your picks tho Boy got his BTC Lol chiefs No touch Sports is most confusing in the time when college bball and football overlap Rather pay for roads than Sheldon adlesons postitutes Heard the sharps were taking bengals +10 today! Lol goal line freddy Whats that Hahaha Houman, and man with no money In his bovada account, complains about cash out options Houman lets do an nba bet tonight Give me a couple options What have I been saying... 2025: high crime to bet at an out of state book Baker down for a safety Kate brown calling an emergency session Why did the Titans never do the Lamar Jackson thing with Mariota I never understood why he didnt get more called runs Unconventional play by josh Josh Allens fantasy floor Dude plays like poop every week 20 pts Tannwhill is due Stoked to see what kitchens is cooking Will they have to run Me 2 In the 10% of madden players who run 80% of the time All started with the outside toss to CJ2K Billlzzz Yes! Chiefs could get this stop and kicks. Fg to cover Titans have those TOs! Yes! Run the ball andy No Fg is the way Come on Titoons d ?? No! Liga getting buttfucked right now Lmaooo ? Hahah Sounds like 63 pts Who gave you this BTC sue them #DionWaiterChallenge Lol he spent $1 million on a gummy Florida prices yikes Rams ?? ?? See give him the ML Mark Dude seriously Too bad we cant make a bot that would report the Liga up down for the day Ant very tradable tho Dylan will just put in a bet on the hawks ML every night There are 21 week fantasy owners, and there are 3 week fantasy owners #NAME? Do I drop Hayward or not Oh we have injuries reserve nice unrelated: Big dog is projected to hit 14/15 in the nfl over under right now Dubov sitting at 12/15 in nba o/u Dynasties in the making? Don time has come Dudes a legend but not if this age lol Of My family had a ton of VHS tapes of like best hockey highlights each year 90-98 when I was a kid and he hosted them Rock Em Sock Em Hockey Vol 4 Etc. lol ? Yah TeamLabs def worth it Yah dame isnt even listed on the pro basketball ref mvp tracker Sure Lol booger already said a player reminds him of himself Refs blow Yah These animations they do on MNF combined with booger being allowed to spew his nonsense is just a shit on the fans chests lol He ducked into that Love this idiot ref coming in to miss the call also Bad call Nice missed face mask Refs ass Cant wait to hear everyone drag jimmy g all week ? Damn was hoping he was running deadspin now Wow I really cant recomend anyone read that link lol Dont put that juju on it Rengel Just sayin you do that the ducks get in there and then you cant take it back THESE PISTON NOT SERVED TAR TAR, THEYVE BEEN HEATED! ? Yah but teasers fail usually Yah good odds I like that bet Lol the ringer is so thirsty for any media Lame! Hes got some good songs I enjoy thats about it https://www.espn.com/nfl/story/_/id/28008681/32-nfl-one-hit-wonders-hillis-madden-cover-tyree-helmet-catch-more Yah he def not a good guy ? Damn that track building is nuts Trade cj start Ant They should feed him! I have siena at more of a 1.11u rating Alex Pitt is a go for sure Clippers lose again? Lets go Lets check in with mo ? ?Cursed season Dame6s Holy shit the Steelers and browns just went nuts Ahahah what a great fight Love how and buck all upset Everyone post predictions for highest Melo points in a game this year Ill go 14 If anyone hits it exactly ill send them a prize ? Saw over under for supsesion was 5.5 games! Hammer that over!! Yah thats a stupid conversation imo We all know the NFL has sovernty in their stadiums Thats a great point. Baseball players throwing at people is actually way worse imo I like pouncy trying to kick miles in the face lol Yah def need to make sure he doesnt play this year again Lol okay over 5.5 games is -500 now Seems like an easy way to make $20 on $100 tho Thats a mortal lock unless the players union has some card up their sleeve Right again love Joe buck and troy oh my this was such a great game until this terrible event happened!! Disgusting people at home have to see this I feel horrible Mean while fox showing every angle in slo mo, everyone at home loving it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5dmqGg6Ccvw That was a disgusting act! Hahahah All browns players suspended from playoffs Agree with chads take Think cams water shoes are actually fire tho WTFFFF/1!! That isnt real right Its a perfect thing Im going to think about this ad for the rest of my life This commercial could have a series of books in the same universe Rashard Lewis The east is really bad Sixers going to OT against the thunder ?? We need a little more for you to cover the rip city row ?? Hes like a republican that wants universal healthcare Space whats your bankroll/bet ratio look like Are you laying over 10% a given game Nice. Crazy guy on betting pod I listened to ran a million $ baseball betting hedge fund for a year Never bet more that 1% bankroll on a gaem Its is pretty crazy like if you dont protect yourself with low % bets you will go bankrupt almost guarantee Een if you hit 70% the odds you lose 8 games in a row over a season is very large Not that thats the point I understand But the odds math is crazy Nope its true Thats the new meta Nah Im with the boomer here Lol thats deep Ian TCU needs to close this out My Textech under is in danger I havnt seen an LSU game Is joe burrow really the number one pick Sure. CBS has burrow number one Saw hes older than Lamar Jackson haha 5 but yes lol You cant draft Tua after having jameis for 6 years right If you think burrow will be good hes worth a number 1 overall Cause every good qb is worth a number one Then trade down The bears are prob willing to give up a lot to move into the top 2 for their pet pick Okay well if you think hes tanehillwthen dont draft him at all! Imagine drafting nick bosa over Kyler Murray It just depends on your internal assessment of the QBs Right I like Jerry jeudy on the giants Scones Jones to Juedy fantasy dreams Jets will go O line I feel Yes TEch under just hit Oh and my Temple over hit also 2021 Dehaan has insider Mexicalis that say otherwise Medicals Whats your handicap these days Yah whos to say the backup isnt twice as good His eventual win share % Just locked Texas season under but Georgia under prob a loss now Ian, the ML is off the board but ucla +35 is available Space you are on fire I got pats -4, chiefs -4.5, and the real lock, jess +2 at skins Think you could throw in bears +6 also Def hitting the press row ipa setup Hoooo boy Zers That a flier gundy Can I interest you in Zers +9 live #history Replay shows Demar unmsportsmanlike behavior imo amazing win Will chad go back and leave a THIRD comment on Hassans insta after a 21 pt +7 +/- tonight? Soft as in Soft touch at the rim bro, nice work! The important thing is you dont lose your last $2 to ms. CLEOs casino Ill take those odds Gamblers rules: taut while ahead Slink into your hole when you lose That heat one was a real good call that line was bananas Loving this luxuriously relaxing ducks game oops Mark youre about to come back to our society Not sure what platforms allow it But theres a market for gambling streamers Alright lets turn to hawks game, love this money line....hey BIGdickBets69 thanks for the sub......were going 1.5u here... This chat needs sam in a minor but reoccurring role in a USA drama Uhhh does he know what that means in Hollywood Swordplay LA Lmao Rengel thats actually amazing Fear the beard Hahahahha ? Removed a laugh from He looks like he just found out James Harden banged his sister Knew that Jets line was wack Dwayne Haskins giving points! Dont understand the trade cam rumors at all Hes back GImmy J looks broke Refs are frauds they overturn that call in NE meanwhile anyone challenges anything its a no The start of a glorious Celtics slump and a season under Yah its fucked but Im still holding hope Lol the punch clock story really did it for me Wish I put $1000 of the Jets Sf kicker so relieved Yah wack call Thats big government for ya Hope pats can grind this Cash Lmao nice pinned tweet Was proj to beat mark by 200 all week ........... This is your superliga sub fee. You get a free fantasy league entry included Fake news So you admit you have a team You think youre better than everyone else! Alright but if you win the league Ian you get nothing I hope you are prepared for that Smh Ian wins some money now he thinks billionaires shouldnt pay taxes Then spaceman Lmao he looks like he was crying Feb-00 Cavs +3, bucks -8, Celtics +3.5, thunder +10 parlay pays x13 Im not betting nba just passing along ? Ian you are in major trouble my friend What do we think of the Melo props ? Via gundya twitter Yah seems like lock territory for under Not up on vada Ill go no limit with anyone in here who wants that over I think its absolutely ridiculous to even hope this will work out But if you read the fine text the policy doesnt cover defense , passing, ball movement and acts of god https://www.sporttechie.com/nba-top-shot-dapper-labs-blockchain-digital-collectibles/ No indication He was eligible to return a couple weeks back but still not full participant Yah I almost feel like hes worth 2 wins for the chargers minimum Lol Lol 1 month in hes moving to manhattan Ahahah Dont Go setting that lineup this week Next week We can have Chad get on skype with you and teach ya the ropes Congrats on the karma tho We all know gundy lawyered up and you cracked Philllll yes baby 3-0 on the weekend Thunder up 5 Damn that parlay almost hit Uh oh Ian No dame tonight same The green biofreeze patch is really a bummer Ahh Ian is going to be so bitter by the time feb comes around Not fun anymore? Call 1-800-......... WHOA Over under is 9.5 Def would not take the under Bet dubov would under that Yeah between you two. Im match making here LigaBets.ag Group chats == the best social media companys arent exploiting! Melo -20! #sponsoredpost Lmao no wayyyyy\ I WANT NOTHING Those are notes you write and show someone under the table so they know what to say Or like behind the camera lol They are never going to get 2/3 in the senate not of this matters Its just about staining him for the election Yeah but voting against impeachment helps them get reelected imo I dont think its relevant but who knows I suppose Its all about dragging donnie, making sure nothing gets done, and getting to 2020 That gif has a dead pixel!!! Hey baby you look like youre from Miami! Huge game for that colts o/u https://www.teamrankings.com/nba/trends/ats_trends/?range=yearly_since_2019_2020 Blazers over Required Future Record: 41 - 26 Also, mark is winning the nfl over under But hes winning both of these picks: ? Whoa I should apply there Lmao theyre looking for a collections specialist Wasting! I am carrying out the justice of the liga You cant pay your fee late and expect me to call off the dogs Call me the Collections Specialist Giannis pts + rebs + ast vs melo pts + rebs + ast + minutes What you take Yah but why wouldnt you ban the big winners Yah but Vegas has a wayyy larger pool The risk for a individual bookie is crazy Id do the same thing lol Me2bro Still 14-11 Giannis for my bet Lolol 17-12 Fats hehehe Carmelo up 46-36 after POURING IN 23 minutes 48-46 Giannis Lol I put up a line Giannis pts rebounds assists Vs melo rebounds point assists and minutes Its been back and forth all game 50-52! What a battle We are beating the warriors CJ set a goal and they are meeting it Refs just blew the Texans game Why do we have replay!!! Mark you got lucky twice tonight! Watson obviously fumbled and lost the ball but they wouldnt even review Insane ? Bold call there Oliver ? Hezonya later Yes weve all seen it Yikes ? Gaylord Hotels Music City Bowl Presented by Bridgestone Keeping it simple. Raiders ravens lions Purely fading the skins Kinda regretting my raiders pick Yah early kick across the country jets are playing well again. But yah raiders should win Yah why did I do that Need the lions to end this Thank you Haskins Hawks d unbelievable Yah except russ is a cheat code at clutch Cam wants the word inside giphy over this baby Yoda controversy ? ....But not worth a sub service If youre running a daycare service Id say its a must tho TIL all the cities around Denver sound like names for premium dildos Melo is eating So is Lamar Jackson Meanwhile Ian, this is the blackest blazer squad maybe ever right now Terry clocks in everyday I thought that was something else that got him fired Say, you look like youre from Colorado if you know what I mean..... Feel like you can take OSU +21 and not even feel bad about it Can anyone explain why anyone would want an in season nba tournament??? What a waste of time We do not need exhibition sports period What Eww no Meaningless basketball The contenders already make the playoffs based on The games they play 53% of teams make playoffs. Laughable to suggest there needs to be another path to making it Yah but the prize of the tourney is the exact same playoff spot youd get anyway Entertainment need suspense And meaning Oh man the hornets lost their tournament game last night. Now they really need to win their other gameS Okay Yah were stuck w that tho like Houman said They chance a team wins this tourney who wasnt going to make playoffs already is 0% Jet set radio fucks Damn mark was right Yah what Jesus I say no Hope youre staying warm ?? Anything good on Netflix? Hey hope the food was good! Brag about how much money you made on that Texas under I could be wrong but I think every one of those teams is under lmao A&M is close Woof TNTs crew jealous RN tho no Sounds like the idea kinda turns you on Love me some Josh Allen Send him a picture of the pilgrims and Indians and say this coulda been us but you trippin Can you imagine owning magic season tix ?How do i get one of these ^ Id love to know on possessions where Whiteside gets a block what is the opponent pts/poss If you block a shot out of bounds and they inbound and score, you should lose the block ? Phins skins and bengals all going to win? ? Huge if true *deletes score app, install Magic Johnson app* Nope. Not yet ?@Dubov I know you were worried about my ACC slate Went 29-25 overall tho :( ?? Refs get it wrong again lol Refs 100% going to fuck this up Hey nice call I like how they format them like scientific journals Hoodies are disrepspextful to the legacy of Our Game Dehaan Hates the Vikings and has less belief in them than anyone I know Yah but it covered up the case keenum one that was a teddy cover I have a no hawks rule either on or against Think im like 1-21 ATS picking their games I have no compass I feel like it will be very close game Feel like thats a fumble Yah me 2 What a cover boys Nice job. I did say it would be close Exactly Damn there goes my 50/1 Nice analysis mark Man sucks when all your players are 90% owned Who do you churn??? No way to know, but your wizards bet is in trouble ? I guessing this is directed at Ian just betting the heat every night ??? Need this OT against This double headed luka lebron dragon Yah thats the joke Whoa thats cool How does that make sense everyone is talking about the ad ? nah Next step: Jussie smollete peloton ad Get people really talkin https://reddit.com/r/nba/comments/e63d4n/i_found_maurice_harklesss_wallet_and_this_is_what/ Zers live bet over team total 115? Well no one will ask when you g it it No one wanted that over 115 smh Anyone else get Kid Rock for their artist of the decade? Expose him!!!!! Embiid out again! Fucking asshole Lmao ill think about it Rengel HATE to ask this,.... But whats the ducks record on games you attended last couple years.... Why are lakers only -4 Lol what. One loss Clemson is in over UO 100/100 times I think this could be a great NfL week to take every dog Ravens, cards, chiefs spreads Under a td for Lamar at this point is a must buy Hawks can win the nfc west today basically Sherman out. Hate to see it What a bunch of bullshit in NO Lucky helmet bullshit Hey does this chat work on the 256GB iPhone max pro 11? Lets go ravens cover Yah it was 2 Kittle man Man if you wanna get hyped up just put this on https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qpe0ZkehMz0 Ohhh weeee Got boned by injuries this week Again when will I get some luck in the liga Holy shit space Thats like when the guys in the movie says its the one last job Happened two years ago 4 times out of last 9 years actually Pretty craZY https://sports.stackexchange.com/questions/15319/nfl-division-with-3-teams-in-the-playoffs Hate to be this guy but if youre betting even 50% of your bankroll a day you are basically certain to go bankrupt quickly Irrelevant game mark unless they drop panthers or cards ? My new anti social work look is hood on and headphones over hood Especially when they bring new people over to tour the software area Its nice! Look on the bright side Ian ? If the cowboys can win two games you could iwn You can rebuilt it! Boys may start on the 2019 liga data dump soon Lmk any requests Oh I should def split the word clouds out by person No gaming the system in these final days!! Champ needs a win this week. Gimme Gunderson Id stream him Lol look at this double freezing cold take I dig up on my buddy ? Old town road -130 for record of the year? Yah chad hes a big time loser Less playoff appearences Actually their playoff stats are crazy similar Russ still younger than Eli @ #2SB tho Yah I know he will, but he def doesnt deserve I just cant wait to see who they keep out instead Lol well two of those guys are mortal locks Sorry Phil rivers doesnt get me hard At no point was Eli a top 5 guy Hopefully it was better than CJ for Aaron Gordon which was suggested on the windhorst pod yesterday I think its officially strange now You ca def use milk for other stuff. But millennials and younger not drinking a glass of milk Vs when we were young I drank milk more than water im pretty sure We also saw a lot of people do the gallon challenge 2.0 Maybe that changed us How much did Dylan tip you? Tragic and will keep your wins low if he stays out Big thx to josh Richardson coming back from injury, locking my roster, and scoring 3 pts when I dropped someone to start him ?Houman remembering hes about to owe $1000 in fantasy money Lets go baby Lets get to work Championship football! Lol once youre in there what can you do? Flush more? Lol hearing Zion is fat as fuck right now Lol waht Wow dont hate jets +17 tonight ? His hair isnt even great hair he just doesnt mind over doing it x100 I still think hes a made up thing What a bunch of choosing beggars I went and posted it Im steamed! Jordan Im living in sin rostering elfrid Payton Lol I think he was just looking at that heat bulls boxscore again Gross bets today. 9ers -10, bucs -6, raiders -7 Wade Brisbogs Yeeesh! Bengals are beating the pats lol I took it Seattle just pick Allen up 20-10 Eagles in red zone down 4 Where are the Kyle Allen truthers these days? Lol bears kick FG 4th and 1 down 18 Seattle will cover Phi up 3 but skins charging Skins game tied Blough just came up huge for me Wowowo Its over Sco Bay Area Did you have 7 or 6 lol Ahhh ? ? Fuck fantasy football Hahaha Lol whoa TD! Lmao you gotta message back and defend your name Middel seat does get both Middle person has the right by law, but their aint no lawmen out there You didnt click the box to group them Yah you can say ship in fewest shipments as possible Cause then you could get your stuff delayed More packages = more gratification!!! Fake news youve shared lots of good bets Keep the information flowing Get fucked Gundy ? You got the champ in a cornered animal game not much ya can do Ill take Luka no questions asked Watched first 5 sodes of mandalorian. Everything besides baby yoda is butt Soooo cheesy ? Blazer fans when a national media member tunes in David stern dying today? Having writers block. Sales guys: whats it called when youre putting all the calls out at the end of the quarter trying to make your goals? Like whats the terminology you use Deadspin traffic down from 20m/month to 2m/month Ahh. I refuse to check Zion Queen ???? Damn moroney smoosing. Gotta respect the game Ian you should have paid attention in statistics ? The more coins you flip the more likely you end up in the middle of the distribution Betting $100 on 10 games is far less risky than betting $1000 on one game ?Hot and Jizzys at home all month boys You know it ?? When were Rasheed Wallace and Carmelo teammates ? Dont pop our bubble bro Is this #sponsored content? Lol carry Obviously Yah Id order after 10 Hearing Michael porter junior is untouchable? Pretty convenient Jameis two picks already Hammering bills under 8.5 next year ? lololol They should stop tracking blocks Jags +7.5 seems like a sharp line Panthers +6.5 also Steelers -3 is cool Skins pick Boys should roll tbh Phins might be better than bengals? +1.5 at home? Sonic booms were also a big problem If the plane goes faster than sound it makes a huge sound Dude theses picks went to hell within 30 seconds of every game Hey you didnt count my phins Ah well Whats the fucks I saw that and thought the exact same thing Lolol Nada ? God you must be slavering for a pepperoni stick Zions extra 25lbs Yah sometimes I worry that fans are becoming too smart and nihilistic about the game. Then i wander back onto twitter replies Lol zimmer just gives up Wtf ? Jody high roller Lol imagine being 6 tho Will lizzo date KAT in 2020? -1000 Put the 401k in that Just when the bovoda account was looking grim, the cowboys completely redeem themselves Republicans officially favored in 2020 prez election Joe Biden has twice better odds than any other candidate We live in a shithole country I want to punch mayor Pete in the face Lots of nieces and nephews getting banged on Christmas AM because of the scoreboard app I bet Yah lol I have no clue what to do w those They also have no payoff deadline so you could be stuck w money in there forever How long til they out the line on the scoreboard Id be down for that chad I think thats a pipe dream Celtics not taking loves contract ino Embiid 57 fantasy pts The Zion Pretender I need this win vv badly Just another game boys. 1.2% of the season. Gamblers call for dantonis head after Rockets drop to a dismal 21-9 Damn I dont which one of you is beating the others meats DAVID needs to reenact the book at the blazers half court Toyota shot Yah Ill send it out this week Someone should have saved that bag of weed and framed it The Gamblers Friend I love how anytime im checking the Liga standings at work, im really just displaying a picture of a man getting his ass eaten ? ? Yahoo fantasy: a site you probably dont know about No spoilers Trailers = spoilers Anyone betting on CFP? #payJameis Jameis @ 29 picks 5 mins left ... OT did it!! 30 picks Hoping the hawks lose Would much rather go play philly than home vs Vikings tbh Vikes have like 6 good offensive players tho. Philly is so undermanned Niners unis = ?? Yikes. Least Mode Vindication for Pete!! Fuck them for blowing the whistle Cause he could have caught it and then fumbled Hmmm No PI review? Yah the delay is inexcusable How does that happen? Like I said earlier: rather play the eagles Stay tuned for an ATS email clickbait Oubre balls now Wtf Oubre blowing kisses in moda The team poster is sick tho ? NFL ATS is open Bt-nfl.herokuapp.com ?If youre an nfl team I say bring both these guys in and see who the franchise guy really is He will fit so perfect on the chargers Yah thatd be dope but if you get Jameis you draft someone also lol You also never let that rookie talk to Jameis Fans should get 100% vote All star game already a waste of time Thats what first and second team is for! The all star game is in the middle of the year!! Not my problem lol They tied their contract to fan voting Lol nice false equivalency David Whos everyone taking this weekend Leaning hawks, titans, texans, saints Who the fuck is going to take the eagles Nice upside for the ATS in terms of diffing everyone else but like no thanks Lmao yahoo daily fantasy has teddy Bridgewater more expensive than cousins Yah id ont understands Appalachian state gonna be top 10 in the 2020s Imagine how pissed youll be in 2078 when Miami is underwater Its moved 3 It opened Eagles -1 Hawks -2.5 on vada Im working on it cam. Stay tuned Get those ATS picks in. Games tomorrow! Feel like embiid could retire in a couple years Teaser pays out +150: Saints -2, saints vines over 43, pats bills under 51 Will fuller OUT Still taking texans Watson >>> allen Good way to get out in front Up to almost 30 people... Kenny stills is a good play if youre doing daily Yup no way josh has a 3-5 TOs... I am afraid of this mojo Erik is putting forth tho Tessatore doing the announcing? Nooooo And booger ?? Oh boyyy Not getting overturned I would bet James harden would have got that call ?Bill OBrien trying not to call a run on first down vs josh Allen trying not to throw a pick 6 Dude serious dude looks like cam newton Although I would have loved to heard Steven a smiths reaction Nuk trying way too hard There it is Bills +3.5 looking pretty safe still Scotts bet hits Need buffalo to tie this up so we get OT Why not call a timeout if youre bill o Wtf?? Wow can the Texans get a fg now to cover this Come on bills d hold them in fg distance This is epic Come on big stop and a fg !!! WTF!!! Nooooo What Now we need a bills FG!!!!! This is crazy these coaches are RETARDED I cannot believe Houston didnt kick that fg What a start to the playoffs America deserves Ot Lets go!!! Is they were playing the saints Id go for that fourth But its josh Allen and the bills offense They arent build for the two minute drill No matter who wins the other side is going to say they should have covered Damn there goes the cover prob Only josh Allen can save Texans betters Only thing the texans can do is try to take it back I guess!! Joe Tessitore def thinks hes a poet Kenny stills game winning TD I can feel it Booger drew a dick haha The beauty of this stage of the game Stfu Miss it!!! Dylan into the lead in the ATS God I love watching football without fantasy Lol I play like 7 teams each year Titans have made like one FG since November Could be huge in a weird spread game ! Lets go under 51 Games on CBS always look like ass ? Is the henry hair like a black rat tail? Mariota sighting Sco Titans This under in bad health http://twitter.com/BarstoolBigCat/status/1213627723584868356 A fg would be huge for the dog here No pts in the 2nd half The lien may come down to a pats 2 pt conversion Loving the drama for the ATS This is why you gamble Vrabel ?? Imagine if the pats were doing this People would be livid Pats win with the fg lets go They can give it to Henry 3x and feel good about it Still see -1.5 -1 bovada ?^biggest headline of the week: General assassinated^ Cbs with this fake Brady retirement hype Incredible. Give me a break Under is in. Got a titans ATS, Texans push and live teaser. Today was a good day Ian, Sami Dehaan amongst 5 perfect records left No its -1 ? They could have taken some monster lays on the eagles ? Interesting Wow between 5 casinos all different lines between +1.5 and -1.5 https://www.oddsshark.com/nfl/odds/line-history/1232790 Geaux Saints. Go over. Can they just throw to Thomas every time? Hill gettin highlighted lol Lol mike zimmer is not thinking 4 downs And never was Lol who was than o linemen they featured on the fade on second down Gotta feel bad for the true viking fans like @kingreng who have to put up with this week after week, year after year I know Ian rengel has been saying hes a vikings fan the last few weeks Whats this call! Drew nooo Nfl refs are garbage at spotting Especially when it really counts Damn it These games have been great Lol damn Kirk navigating the pocket Yah Jordan had two dudes blocking him Vikings cover Dylan back in the lead Only one perfect entry left Need a saints td to hit the tease Should have on-sided it Superbowl style Cant believe drew fumbled that in the fourth Dude didnt even turn! Push off Penalty! Thats great for hawks Yah nice for hawks and miners Yah I saw it and left it like huh ok Theres like 3 eagles picks out of 28 entries lol Is that the first time you have role played mark for her? So frustrating to watch ? TD here will win it Love beast tossing someone at the end of each play Yesssss Took my GF to the suns game she was ready to risk it all for Kelly oubre now she just gasped subtly over the metcalf photo. No more sports for her. Ah that felt good Thank you Vikings Packers suck Blake out year huh Doesnt history say that hiring an unknown is a gamble that has big upside? Whats the angle hiring a known quantity that failed? Id love to see a breakdown actually Mayo mike got a Super Bowl Yah after looking ver rules resume no reason not to give him play PFF made a good point Its basically a huge mistake to hire a defensive head coach Because anytime you get an O coordinator that is good he will leave the next year And offense > defense for the most part Vs rams No one is trying to hire wade Phillips as head coach So their coaching staff is solid I think KC is objectively a top 5 passing offense Ive been telling packers fans all week that they are the most overrated team out there They have beat Kirk cousins twice Hawks have a better resume TBH No way look at the schedules Yah the packers played straight TRASH Im not hyping the hawks TOO much But the packers schedule was unbelievable Yah but Russel Wilson is actually a legit reason to be overperforming The track record is there to say thats a real advantage in those games No one could! Yah you always split divisional and rams went to the Super Bowl last year How you taking the packers wins over the ahwks Packers signature win is a close game vs Matt Moore They got BLASTED by 9ers Hawks went 1-1 and prob should have gone 2-0 if a flag is thrown yuop Somehow year after year that is enough I think I have a Bovada future that they will go bankrupt before July 2020 Yah I mean they will go bankrupt just a matter of when I love the NFL and im so ready for a break when the season is over Everyone will watch opening weekend and never think about it again Yah you can pool for lottery! In fact Stanford students did some math and bought every variation of some lotteries Ended up making a fat profit automatically ? Heat = embarrassment ?Me removing Houman from the group chat when the war starts officially Wow love this take Houman Im seeing it at 6! Yah wouldnt espn be showing bowling on Sunday? In 2007 Yah my fam had the attenae until I left for UO Knew all the angles for CBS, FOX, NBC Of course I come back sophomore year they have a 80 tv and the NHL center ice package Maybe not with the Mid East in turmoil ?? ATS lines are live fyi Write your bets on the whiteboard when it starts and everyone will have something to follow along with The Mitten! You cant rile the dogs up like that Gundy Nice find Im actually going to do that also Rude. ? Lol cam is a spurs run away from the coveted 0/10 That movie made me want to use lotion on my face three times a day Yah for sure Damn my three peat in trouble Lets do it If the warriors can do it why cant we Not the climate to ask that question Erik Munich Cowboys great! Idk about that. If they are doing well on offense, mayo mike will stick around right So whats Moores upside there Yah but again if Mike is getting fired, Moore is getting fired also imo Yah but Mike is an Offense guy Fair point Rengel but garret is a do nothing coach Clapper, bring dignity to the org Be Jerrys dog I dont like mike but he actually has a philosophy Yall me out of putting my entire bankroll on chiefs ravens ML parlay Yah Im better 9ers but its jimmy first start no thx on a bank buster Home first time starters: 5-16 ATS ? Vegan salad boys Whoa Im reading that scientists are close to inventing a spicy tomato http://twitter.com/SportsCenter/status/1215830934110588929 Tease Raven-4, chiefs Texans over 45, vikes 9ers over 38.5: +150 bosa injured ? ??????? Wow Viking trash. No will to win Guaranteed story line great call Disaster! Pretty dope tho Holy shit Is it illegal to guard Kelce? 24-0 with a +9.5 Prob wont cover now Lolol Punting??!! Lmao had to waste a TO when he gets called out by Watson Hawks have equaled the points of last years Super Bowl loser No draft picks for years Excited to see this rams roster again! Run it back! ?? Nice call dumass refs ExtenZ put him over the top That spot wow Def didnt get iy Wow that one angle was so obvious! Total wrong call Yah hes down before the lkine Thats wack Unbelievable lol Imagine being that bad at your job Not even a judgement play There was a freeze frame where he barely had his helmet on the yellow line Zero percent ball over Yah but the ball is in his stomach Sure just always annoying to end the game like taht They prob would have won the next play Unless he has the ball in his helmet its not over One thing that they should do is if something goes to review is throw out the ruling on the field Like say it doesnt matter. Go make the call with the review evidence I love this plan for nba play in tourney Why not let the 14-26 bulls into the playoffs? Clemson +6 $10 Houman? deal ? Hey Alex Non ya hodor I can give you LSU -7 dubov College OT makes over unders meaningless Tigers roll ? Titans get a Super Bowl and hell be on perfect pace for HOF He would have to win it again after cutting it off to get credit for first to do it without a peen ? ? It was on awful taste but great execution Its funny because losing the first game of a parlay should be preferable to losing the last game because you arent in suspense but it seems worse because its so deflating like this thing didnt even have a shot The score is dope Niners The Bernie of gambling Damn Hayward mr broken tonight All those are dope jerseys besides kyrie Depends prob on if youre a watch the season to suss out the iefficiecies Or if you come into the season with a take you want to let ride Look at the pins, if you thought they sucked coming into the year you could have faded them so hard By end of season they had a great ATS record Do you have to come back to cash them? Okay lets not get too excited here Bazemore was trash Ariza is def better for the money. Also there is no guarantee Whiteside wont be moved Kevin love is not a HR deal and there really isnt anyone obvious for them to acquire Teaser. Chiefs -1.5, niners -1.5, KC tenn over 45.5 +150 Wow thats killer Why Wow that was such a brain fart KC gets ball At half right? Ooww they score here its game imo Wow ? Peyton gives the zers an A for trade Pelton* Need anyone to score half a pt here Thatll do pig Lmao punting! ?? Lololol
 Interestingggg Why not go for two?? Yah but that means you have to go for two later!! This is basic shit Line on the line here Nah packers are trash Eh hawks were a play away and you know youd rather play the packers than the hawks ?Bought to eat 7 of these like Raheem mostert Not shooting for perfection here just a souperdumpling bowl berth Damn. Really got robbed of ravens chiefs and healthy hawks niners What we think the SB line be? Rengel can we check in with the NfL here? What is goodell ordering up Yah I saw a pick Pretty cool lol kittle doesnt have a yard Finally hit my teaser Nahhh ? Great pod this week Really agree with arnovitz Silvers failed proposals and viewer interest in actually watching nba games Pretty funny clippers lakers dont care if the other team gets the first seed Literally no difference Why does that matter Yah I mean you out it off so they can possibly lose but I dont think either of these teams fear the Jazz/nugz Clipper could go PG plays round 2 kawai plays round 1 That makes sense although I do not believe it 