Dubov. I have my jersey but have yet to wear in the world. Have my Dame jersey but have been wearing mostly authentic garb like elephant pants and linen shirts. He will be okay. https://www.instagram.com/p/BsUQI3tA-RO/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=lszkbbrd0ard Dubov can we discuss why the Monarch gang decided this was a good idea? ? Oh damn I mean I was looking into getting into the monarch game and I was thinking that might be the play is these bunion looking shits Yeah the regs are cheap as shit Got a $300 Nike gift card burning a hole in my skinny jeans Haha yeah I feel that. My own dad shoe starter kit What size? Eh fuck you sir. Big ideas! Ill ask around but unforch I have too big of a brain for those Bahaha I fucking love doinkin bitches Wow GSW is so fucking soft for being so stacked its ridiculous She the actual fuck up Meyers best not be encroaching on my childhood now too But also a potential first rounder Ed Sheeran Meek Mill probably I would rather rid ourselves of all our picks to ensure we have players that dont go straight to the G-league Im confused Ohhhh shit didnt see the reply Since when has it been the Kardinals? Have I been under a rock? Fuck them I saw better napoleon dynamite interpretations at Anchor Splash 2010 Also does Myers get a participation trophy for this shit or something? Get the fuck out of here. What a fucking loser GOD FUCKING DAMMIT only 1 more year. Pryzbilla? Fucking Travis Outlaw! Our top three almost rocking that 100% styles He was a great addition to the team shortly after the Jail Blazer era though in my opinion based solely on his name GTFO here He was still more inconsistent than my penis after drinking whiskey Could barely understand him rambling now due to the fat dip he has in. Awwww mike + mike BYAH! But did he eat them all? But then this happened https://www.instagram.com/p/BsjIFxXhdpx/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=9i2l4f42xfy0 Solid ye reference Bunky Wow he finally came through on one of his promisses If the WH cooking staff is furloughed what has he been eating? Taco Bowls from Trump tower? Piece of shit WHAT KIND OF PSYCHOPATH EATS A WELL DONE STEAK?! I feel like people want to touch this about as much as a bacon maple chicken sandwich. (They dont) THE STREAK CONTINUES! They look like a running shoe and a basketball shoe fell in love, then fucked. Then 18 years later that baby and a slip on cross trainer fell in love and fucked. Dubov was this what they announced on Twitch today? What was the reasoning there? Twitchies dont work out Yeah thats a fair point Less stereotyping in 2019! Oh I am aware from my taco bell days fucking savages https://sports.yahoo.com/leaked-nba-star-game-jerseys-211258652.html I dont believe it but someone please confirm Always been a fan of these: ? Ugly as fuck but I love them Pffft He doesnt need to warm up Also. Ive never wondered that. It looks miserable. Made it safe though? Good shit. Damn Am I the only one who is surprised to see Kerr atop this list or am I just an idiot? ? That puppet bit couldnt end fast enough Is it ever not emotional coke? Kylie Jenner would be so upset. ?? ???? Rams winning on a fluke is so LA it hurts. And by fluke I mean blown call. Hug me daddy https://www.instagram.com/p/Bs4AwAIAufT/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=y9a8t2mx6219 ? Anyone watch the new epi or crashing? What Portland bros are going to WWE RAW on feb 4th? No I wont be unfortunately. I dont know when the next time Ill be in Portland will be. Nah I saw a commercial on WWE RAW and wanted to make sure none of Portland homies missed it. Its a weird feeling to have to be so stressed about the blazers potentially being down at the end of the third. I uttered a nice remark involving Meyers today... Portland is the #1 most moved to city in America the last 2 years What a crazy fucking stat Already deleted. We got 5 minutes to decide this game OHHHH CJ! I miss Ed. Almost voted him for all-star i miss him so much CLEAN HOUSE! Its almost spring! Meyers guarding PG is like watching a giraffe learn to walk Welp thats all she wrote boys Trade everyone Hope yall hammered! 16 steals? Fuuuuuck What is this about? https://www.instagram.com/p/Bs9ouQgB33O/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=1376i52842oq5 https://www.instagram.com/p/Bs9nJ5WBMH0/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=1hu0ekmlyu0cs Nvm Oh fuck yeah - this is great news! The based god almost ruined Hardens career He is a testy one I dont think so May be worth cursing Neil now and then in 3 years when we are in the shitter he gets canned and we are on the road to a championship by the time our kids are in high school! Ill put it in my will that my dead body must be carried in the championship parade Ohhhhh shit Or Weezy Who put the bad juju on oladipo?! RAM EM! Wait people legit dropping the liga? WOOOOOOW You think you know somebody Colin was added then quickly bailed I didnt know who it was until I checked my phone - running chat through my laptop I dont know who is saying what 95% of the time What about our good friend mr 300 Terry? I cant keep up with this fucking chat I also need to do some new years cleaning and her shitalottas seem like just the thing to help me release my bowels properly Real Hook approach. I like that Dubov I am going to Blue Ribbon Sports today to talk with John Jefferson Leaving work early cause fuck em Gonna try - applied to be the AM on the Nike account here at Snap though so you might be my client soon Fingers crossed - also will be making regular trips up to Portland! Drinks on me Well, Snap. Dare I say Dubov, 5.0? https://www.instagram.com/p/BtKm2Gun2-z/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=1co5fnb7agu8k Even Altman flexing on the sideline these days Off-white sign a deal with big program coaches or something? Triple double CJ has the highest trade value in months right now. Hes just getting started! After the Ed Davis trade I have come to realize locker room guys have immense value. Ive never heard Anthony Davis being referred to as a locker room guy - Sideline Olshey Fuck Im contemplating flying up for this game now Smoothie King Center is probably my favorite name on the planet though https://twitter.com/trailblazers/status/1089992738076950528?s=12 We going to the ship! Whoops! Players cant request a trade? What about Kawahi? Yeah first Marcus Smart being fined $35k for going after Bembre - didnt even get a chance to hit him! Now this BS When is iMessage going to come out with a fuck this reaction? https://twitter.com/danegado/status/1089989981077032960?s=12 Kid can dream Dame would be down 45 at half time and sound less defeated than that Holy shit The biggest issue with global warming is that it is called global warming which doest depict the extreme temperatures (up or down) or massive storms it causes Juss saying Link Jesus fuck I stand by my previous statement Twitter should have left his character count at 180 140* BAHAHA https://www.instagram.com/p/BtPj-7on5XB/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=120wgk8wh6mk YEEEEEEUP! Trying to buy the brow now? If thats true you are selling your house and moving to Portland for sure! Give me those fucking Tinkers you fake! ?Chad always on the clock https://www.instagram.com/p/BtRni0flDda/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=6rq82zahpt9g Who wants to go back to school? Things are looking up boys One day a WOJ tweet will include the blazers. After Olshey croaks. I mean hey guys it could be worse. We could have traded CJ, Aminu and Nurk for some good players but this way we can just wait for them all to walk for free in free agency! Im bummed LA wasnt first one out Lebron playing or nah? Im seeing mixed reviews on the social meeds Horray! Yeah Dame needs to start whipping his 4x all-star dick around We have already lost 1 blazer to cancer this year I dont want to have to lose the whole team. Anyone can print that is the dick on the desk I would like to see from Dame Oh lets goooo! https://twitter.com/trailblazers/status/1091545861564227584?s=12 Why isnt Meyers in the G league? How long does the organization let this happen? I made this. I am over his bullshit and he needs to be stopped. http://chng.it/byc6ptcX I want in on this Gatorade coloring So no word on what Old gladdy is wearing tomorrow eh? Olsheys people making shit up again. Holy fucking shit Fucking is also quite large which makes me stoked for the brothers. Brock how did you pull that info? Can we get rate of texts in here also? Feel like some days I look away for 10 minutes and am 100 texts behind. #jimmydoesbetter2019 Any confirmation on Gatorade color? https://www.change.org/p/the-portland-trailblazers-fire-neil-olshey Sign the petition you guys Holy shit what a day Goodnight sweet prince Dubov how many $2 hot dogs are you going to eat? Gabe on a role! Stella? Ill take a Stella artose Hahaha. Good point Brock Players will go to the locker room, nap, and come back to play again in a figurative tomorrow. Duck down! Worst car name for a Korean car company It was blue... Mother fucker Its almost like the nfl knew what the prop bets were ?? Holy shit What is her point? BAHAHAHA YESSSSS Knowing meyers has a home gym makes me question his abilities even more 4 first and second Assuming its 2 and 2 I mean I fucking hope so! Lakers pull out huh? What a jerk He HONKED!? Dayum Im so sad I am not in Portland tonight you guys Fucking squad Dude for real what the fuck happened to tnt? God dammit they are so bad. And they cant lean on their players only, baby! Tagline every 3 minutes to save them. CJs D is garbage though I think I can hear spaceman yelling Wait actually? No way Figured Even though he played like shit Get rid of them both ET I could build a house for the homeless with all the bricks I throw up and Aminu Ive seen better streaks in my underwear I started spit shining my pitchfork this afternoon In other less frustrating news, who did the ducks sign today? https://twitter.com/blazer_gang/status/1093269560369676288?s=12 Site your sources BG Ah Figured they got it from somewhere WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK IS HAPPENING??! One move and Neil fades back into the mist? Pfft Can we propose a boycott of buying blazer tickets? Like im getting desperate over here I fucking hate him but god dammit neil is smart to not be on social media because I would have been blocked YEAAAARS ago No but like seriously Gun what is Neils number? I know you have it Clyde wanted out Im reading the Jail Blazers right now and he was tired of their shit I would love to get Sideshowbob back What a character Shameless plug but my homies worked on this pretty sick activation https://mobile-ar.reality.news/news/snapchat-scores-viral-hit-with-nike-augmented-reality-experience-starring-lebron-james-0193470/ God fuck Shit ass SCOOOO! HOW DARE YOU! Hes half white.so yes The photo was black and white so I guessed SHUT THE FUCK UP Been there 4 days? Fucking A Chad So great that our team makes moves to show potential free agents that we are wanting to win games. I just had to toss my dame 2s ?? Nurk done Fuck What a fucking joke We lost that game on our own 9 points in the 4th is laughable 21-0 run Fucking joke that we have to lean on dame so hard. He goes scoreless, the team goes scoreless Love to hear that Twas the weekend of 20+ point comebacks Damn sixers dripping 143 ?????? Any of yall watch high flying bird on flix? Watching it now. Ill report back. Flying bird is not really that great in my mind. Very slow for it being only 1 1.5 hour situation Watching iverson now though ohhhhh Yeah it is sad His friends sucked Its worth a watch for sure Karma is definitely a cold hard Bif. Yeah it is horrible I thought it was a part of a series, when I realized it was a full length movie I was 50 min in so turned it right off. White Men Cant Jump If youre feeling emotional and wanna have a good cry while clutching a tub of ice cream Love and Basketball is solid Well is shows Reng. Stupider? Florida man at it again: http://www.fox13news.com/news/local-news/florida-man-steals-weapons-posts-photos-of-them-on-snapchat-deputies-say We saw Greg at Buffalo Wild Wings once I was there Saturday. So fucking dank. The best with a group too because you can order everything and it is dirt cheap Oh fuck the players only guys are back on TNT Will KD go down in history as the biggest bitch to step on the court? Pure guess but id say 39 Dammit 39 is such a bitch age though ?? ?For you other sneaker heads, this drops on Hulu tomorrow Wait what did we put up in the trade ? Meyers, really?! God dammit Yeah Forgot he was a free agent Lil Uzi LOL Holy shit Dubov youre right Evan Turner needs to go What the fuck are the refs looking at At a bar and cant hear LETS GOOOO 5 free throws? Nuts. Draymond in true form Wow we really lucked out with our curry pickup So is that the towel? Zach with 2 big blocks second half LETS FUCKING GOOOOO 14 I think Cant wait to toss Kanter into the mix. Zach with some solid late game blocks and flagrant flops. Girth Brooks! BAHAHA Stomping his feet around like a 4-year old who didnt finish their broccoli and as such didnt get dessert. Wonder if the comish is going to force him to cover it up Supreme sleeve tattoo? Actually though? Nooooo Actually? Write in draft player and free agent Neil Callahan! BIG locker room guy HAHAHA Woooow You guys are the only people who follow me so Ill save your feeds Boys I figured out dames tattoo https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.adweek.com/tv-video/nba-superstars-are-here-to-remind-you-that-hulu-has-live-sports-available-for-streaming/amp/ Yeah I mean the tie in with his actual social handles was dope and the spot didnt suck which helps a lot. Tattoo artists can cover that shit up these days. Oh shit What a fucking idiot https://www.instagram.com/p/Bt85KgYjp2m/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=vxvd8p9ytt3x This is dope Homies - shot this app over to Dubov awhile back so figured Id share here also. Digit auto saves money from your checking account based on your spending habits so its money you wont necessarily miss. I use it to save for traveling and it helps a lot. https://digit.co/r/b1ev4sMxJf?ai&twb=true Houman. It monitors your spending habits and pulls money each day that the algorithm believes you wont need. You can obviously set limits on how much that is but I just let it ride. You can also set up daily text alerts which outlines what is in your bank account and what your last 3 transactions were. Did yall just hear Adams dig at Charles? Fuuuuuck. Chuck on players only now? Haha. He is talking trash on Shaq and Chuck saying they have been stepping on him for far too long. UNC DUKE hoops! The number 1 rivalry in the sports realm! KANTER! I have no idea Still dont know Fuck meyers so hard Lil bitch didnt even touch the court! Weeeeeee I hate everything about this picture but that jacket though https://www.instagram.com/p/BuPYmC8A1jP/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=pwt4qakf24oo Blazer with 71 in the first half?! Against the Cavs but still Road squad! Meyers might actually see some minutes I hope the lakers are a game out of the playoffs when we stomp them on April 9th! Damn Cohen got burned there. Youre going to prison Cohen asking the last fellow who he would like to play him in his upcoming movie was pure gold Fucking ridiculous this is our government. I feel like Im watching an MTV reality show So we thinking 14 day JR pass? We can take a bus to Fuji Takes 2 houts I love the strongly agree answers across the board I dont see any polynesian sauce on that table though! https://www.instagram.com/p/BumZhBUBydA/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=5o00y2xhsstg Gundy what is your take? I dunno man. I didnt see him put his hands up apologetically. Not even a smidge. I kinda like angry Lebron Always love me a good Fast and Furious reference Dude thats awesome, congrats dude! I dont even watch and I know this shit. Thats how much they built it up. No. Its up in the Malibu hills. I aint rich Apparently the bachelor and bachelorette ghosts of seasons past can still be found roaming the streets of LA though. Lebron looks 50 in that photo Damn, Nike finalizing deal to be Olympics 2028 and USA team sponsor Happy birthday there Mr Michael. I mean i think in the last 2 days you have contributed about 10% of your total of last year so you are on the right track I sure hope so It must be factored into your friend score At least you didnt wish him a happy birthday in your other group text Woah you got that many friends huh? Look out everyone So who is the WAG and who is the side piece in this situation? Touch ?? Well my 454 Twitter followers are quality individuals Quality over quantity - something losers lean on for reassurance I work in sales all of my linkedin connections are pieces of shit Well fuck Aminu needs to fucking go Im over his bullshit Cant count on him for shit Tv has been turned off Nope. All null and void now. Wait so what happened to chuck, Ernie and Kenny on TNT? Ah If I am in the bathroom to shit I dont have time to wait. I have to find an open stall asap Damn Pffft Any bros know anyone at Adidas that would be willing to pass along a resume/ Glad to have you contributing to the group Jimmy Its a great time to live in LA You saint We getting a lil taste of the first round of the playoffs this evenin? I mean same but maybe we shit on them? There you go, gamble it into fruition Gundy! My way too early prediction: we win with our D Yeah he has pooped all over us this year 36, 37 & 46? Fuuuuuck ???? Hot takes and sausage Been pretty atrocious basketball thus far I must say Bahahaha. This is the NBA Dubov Damn I didnt realize Kanter hadnt played at home yet Everyone looking a bit off ?? Dame dunks He needs to go He has played solid-ish d thus far Yeah the fact he still starts baffles me Leopard lady! That couldnt have been more ball though Fuck we are so cold tonight We should be up 14 with all these missed 3s CJ SURGING Def pokes it a bit Its hilarious HOMECOURT! Get in Russels head Lovin it. The Garden is ablaze right now Gonna start gettin chippy Was hoping he would have drove there again That spin to step back was less than ideal He said that again Olshey is creaming right now I mean lets be real Im creaming right now Everyone yelling at Ernie. Hahaha Not saying I agree but recognition feels so nice I just took mine off for this halftime show at this point BAHAHAHA Wasnt chuck a Reebok guy? Ope. Nope. Ignore me Their dig at Nike was trash They love really tan Ken on TNT https://www.instagram.com/p/BuvCUzTn3c7/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=11a40gl9kh5fp Hahaha Im actually surprised at how well we are matching up but god damn we cant buy a bucket beyond the arc CJ TAKE THE WHEEL! Shut up Chad He hasnt made one all night We have ourselves a game here boys Lillard hitting a 3, 2.4 left. Game. Nurk mad now Hmmmm Interesting This would be a fiesty first round. Just saying. Its Meyers Am I behind? Fuck God fucking dammit Dammit housed NyQuil at the start of the fourth anticipating it being over in 4. I doubt a horse tranquilizer would take you down mark. Everything is a placebo. Damn Nurk being out is a bit scary PG or Westbrook gettin Td and tossed. Damn Im like 20 seconds behind Collins cant fowl out in 2:54 No I do not Welp No he hasnt. Lets hope this OT tired em out and they get blown by the clips Sucks getting swept but what can you do? That we did Its the tnt curse guys we hardly ever win when we are on tnt. Breaks my god damn heart cause its my favorite broadcast but in reality I should hate it so much. Also 1-24 when trailing at the start of the 4th. Da fuq is that?! ? Happy Friday everyone https://www.instagram.com/p/Bu0aQC3gXvw/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=1i5rpiazgd949 This hurt my brain this AM. He hasnt made a 3 in the past 3 games.... I wish - I leave for japan on Wednesday so I am going to have to watch from home while I pack. Amazing Anybody else watch his standup by the way? Yeah I thought it was shit Curious if I was just being hyper critical And only talked about his experience on the hangover I mine as well at this point BROWNS! Snapchat is alive and kicking boys! Oh ferk We missed chromeo and Rufus there last year! Will likely regret that for awhile I wish I could heart that 100 times Denver live out! Hahaha Fuck just got my airplane WiFi working, read through 124 texts arguing about momentum and hot hand and cant google a shotty article written by some college freshman to prove they both are a thing. Self taken or are you gonna enlist Ash to help make sure you get the right angle to really make your sphincter sing? More deliberate that way. Dont want them accidentally mistaking the photo for a head shot. Assuming yall watched student athlete on hbo? Im diving in face first right now Just started Ill report back 2 more hours on this flight gotta fill the time Whats the score? Weeeeee Damn Wazzu with 20. Ferk. Gotta love that Nick Richards do anything at Kentucky? Student Athlete is a meh in my book. Nothing groundbreaking just reaffirming what everyone already knows. God dammit Oh well had nothing better to do They are all doomed Damn Jake Phelps died today Wait holy shit Gundy thats huge! Congrats my man I was there and confirm the Ms looked pretty damn alright What the fuck is happening What the actual fuck? https://www.instagram.com/p/BvdFidYA8Ym/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=17yc19jp2mqik Mother bear doing Portland things at the game Get him out Yeah what the fuck is happening Wait is this for real? Air max day lets goooooo What the actual fuck? A bit flaccid on this offensive decisions right now These* Big fan of chuck mojis I mean that would be a huge miss if not This is grueling to watch on game cast Fuck Haha yeah. Appalling coming from @thewarriorstalk. Gtfooh Lakers really sitting Lebron the rest of the season... Would have liked to see him play Yall see this piece of shit? https://www.google.com/amp/s/consequenceofsound.net/2019/03/ultra-kfc/amp/ If nothing else please watch the video Did you shit your pants? Were there comments? Indeed it does Or a lot of free time I mean each of his kids is now worth like $100M each so No shit Dubov? You gonna be in town this weekend?! God dammit its As season in the SPEs By the Sea household. Someone shoot me. Have yall seen the Pete Holmes special at the Aladdin theater? HBO The most Pete Holmes Ive ever seen Pete Holmes. Because it is your digital self. Duh. ? ? Dont fucking talk to me about it. Talk to the events team Dont you work in digital Dubov? Well then you fucked it up Big Cat Ferk Just watched trump fly into the Santa Monica Airport. Unfortunately he was not and swat was on our roof so not much could have been done there either I used to eat MREs on the mountain. Some of them are good - like that pasta guys and shit Holy shit ? Evan (Apple) Turnover So is Evan good now that he has back to back triple doubles against the t-wolves and grizzlies? Has Nurk been holding us back? That blazer fan optimism Dehaan So bummed we will be playing the fakers next week. You should feel special Dubov I couldnt even get into my own partner summit You dick Welcome to the 21st century Dubov The face of Tech is for the whites Buckle up Dubov Tik tok has been all over this song for weeks. Nah dame was 1-5 2 points I could use some new air max 97s, j3s and air Pegasus turbos. Please and thank you. The most comfortable shoes Ive ever had Jesus fuck good on you. I didnt wake up until 1:30 Im drunk. We need a Superliga meet up soon homies. Duck football bringing getting the band back together? I was thinking more Eugene myself but def open to make moves elsewhere Damn she did? She had cancer Yeah not fun - Super sad Oh damn The spurs? YESSSSS Thanks boys! Always appreciate the la liga love. Never been so frustrated. Why does la care so much? How are we having such a hard time with 2 teams that arent even in the playoffs Bahaha sure Didnt realize all our starters sat. That makes me feel better. Holy shit We proved people wrong! Kobe is in my office Gonna go on a recon mission here in a min God dammit God dammit I hope Kanter GOES OFF! Im confused What am I missing? Oh damn - LETS GO Looks like you just won the national championship Dubov how was childish? FUUUUUCK I TURNED THAT SHIT OFF Ferk CJ Bout to have a night He has the stop and go though With the floater to finish it off We werent supposed to make the playoffs so now it is us vs. the critics The fuck was the help on that? WOW Remember when Felton played for the blazers? Fuck ET needs to eat a dick Not. At. All. Hes fucking us How many Blazers gonna foul out tonight? AHHHHHHHHH Get Anfernee some minutes over ET Westbrook is such a bitch Oh duck Im behind. My stream is slow Yeeeeeeah Meyers presence felt early Yeah tell me about it Dylan. This is what I get for cutting the cord. Im aware Haha Its PlayStation network Always behind. Might be making the jump to fucking reddit Yall on pause cams last 15 seconds What. A. Clutch. Shot. These upper 30s quarters got me dry Meyers looks like he doesnt want to touch the ball He played good d on one possession. Hit 1 three Pussy shit Ohhhhhh. Nice. Plastic surgery that is more fake than your personality Evolution at its finest Terrorists would never terrorize Coachella because all the people there are slowly killing america from the inside BASEDGOD BLESSED! Nike attempting to trademark Footware is fucking amazing PORTLAND IS A PLAYERS TEAM! Just caught up Just wow Surprised they had Nurk standing honestly Ruh roh Cant believe it is STILL +7.5 Cant wait to poop on em again THE WORLD WILL SEE WE ARE AMERICAS TEAM Wow Evan Spiegel just walked into the bar Im in Was planning on offering him a bulletin of whatever he wants. Is the x-factor having Meyers score more points than fouls? Their jerseys look enough like minecraft That was a stretch of a bricks joke. But I stand by the statement. Im drunk. Whats new? Lillard with only 2 with us being up makes me feel a little better ET and Felton guarding each other hurts my brain. Both very similar in my mind. Just different shapes. Is Swanigan even on our bench these days? Wow shun me That was an airhead comment and I apologize sincerely ZC MVP right now Guarding Adams too which is impressive With Lillards production right now I feel alright. Would usually be down 15 Looks more like the Westbrook show Ferk I mean lets be real. Dame had a similar game last game then went OFF for 25 in the third. Chuck is probably driving home drunk tonight after that comment. Dame Train coming into the station on time per usual. 2019 playoff Aminu! We dont have any sense of urgency right now Both of those WOJ tweets have been since deleted My GF gets to meet the Inside the NBA crew tonight Told her to pound Charles and say Blazers to the finals Luke Walton is getting sued for sexual assault GF is on the TNT set and said everyone is talking about it Broke on tmz I guess Kelli Tennant? https://www.tmz.com/2019/04/22/luke-walton-sued-sexual-battery/ $122k in fines in the Philly Brooklyn series. Haha. Damn Kanter looks like hes hurtin CJ with just 9 min? You had your chance to shun me Wow FUUUUUUCK YESSSSSSSSSS Ferk Give him some biofreeze! We interrupt your regular scheduled trailblazer programming to bring the Portland bros a special news bulletin. https://www.instagram.com/p/Bwn7B38DM5N/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=149hc8vng0yw1 Jesus fuck Dame literally is going to have to do this on his own The fans need to get back into this What happened? These refs need to fuck themselves Keep driving at pg Lets fucking go If Jesus was from Portland Wow WOW Chad You called that Fuck Im not going to be able to sleep Dude. The wave. Ferk Wow Dehaan thats epic Fuck em Chad Jesus fuck Im awkwardly hard at the gym Void all those votes Where the fuck you finding all this Chad? Haha. Keep me coming Hey now back up off us media peeps Mo made the 4 most important FTs of the series in my mind Space Im going to Orlando for the weekend. Anything I need to check out? Hahahhaa. This looks fucking amazing I think we are skipping Epcot cause we only have a day and a half and magic kingdom has all the rides and animal kingdom has avatarland. Bummed cause I wanted to do the bar crawl I would say spurs. Do we know the dates of any of our second round yet? Might come up for a game if its on a weekend Well darn So I want Denver now For Chad also Thank you for straightening that out for me Gundy I mean I could be down Chad. Always wanted to go to Denver. Any of the mountains still open? Yeah gonna miles that - only issue is if we play Denver I can bang bang with blazers and giving the rents some facetime So ill keep you posted I call top bunk! I mean it sounds like last time he won $10k I am gonna invite him to my next party So nuts Why do they keep trying to insert themselves into music culture? Seems like hes doing alright at the moment. I dont want Denver anymore Im scared of him PFFT Apparently Welp looks like ya boi might be coming home to watch some hoops. Im thinking 6 Our CBO just brought out Garth Brooks at our sales conference Has he always been fat? ? UNIT Boys I think Im coming home for the game Sunday Whats everyone got going on this weekend? Happy birthday boys! 5 Nope The last 4 minutes were sloppy as all hell On both sides No Literally the only Nike involved ad in years I didnt like Animal Kingdom is the shit! Or is Chads too thin? Random airdrops are the new love note ?Airdropped this to any Asian in line possible when in japan at a theme park My homie Greg who was with us Yall see the robin Lopez espn commercial? Is Zach Jokic kryptonite? Give the man some minutes!!!! Micd up Meyers makes me glad Im watching at a bar with no volume ET clearing out the paint to drive 12 feet and miss a jumper is the definition of his career Whats the deal with Harkless? Wait dame got elbowed and they gave him a foul? Yeah Chad do you forget to switch it at halftimes ? I know it is a hot topic but these refs are trash That was huge Cause this game is a roller coaster Dylan! Its not Rengel Lillard lost his handles this game Given that was a foul But still Fuckin Jokic should be gone On that shove Whats the call? Cant hear Double tech Thats our ball He just missed one though Blazers in 5 boys While we are on the subject of okay whats the sich with Harkless? Fork .. ZC Give the man some minutes Nah Im all in on ZC no matter what the costs Alright fine Clearly blinded by love If he can stay out of foul trouble Meaning? ? Makes me look like a shrimp Im much more handsome but he for sure has a bigger dick Slowly building my following of porn stars from asia Also boys ill be in town Friday-Sunday is a Brondezvous in order? 9:15 pm Yeah man im not happy about that Dont think I will be able to get tnt unforch might pay for internet to stream it Pray for me bros Especially coming off his performance last game 50 piece What are the Portland bros up to Saturday night? Ill have the gf with me but she is chill. Would love to see yall if possible. I forgot about the derby. I got din with the rents at 5:30 then Im open Gf is dd so Im down to cruise wherever Also anyone going to the game sunday? Working it I assume? Oh boy There it is! He better be nicer to Enes or else Rodney is going to get upset and maybe try and punch him or something. - Meyers ? I like that take My suits from topman fit better than that Where did we land on Brooke Lopez being elite? Boys you will be happy to know your boy gets the game on his flight! Or maybe you dont give a shit. Regardless Im stoked. This series has been sloppy joes How do we keep getting beat on Dbounds? Passion. Passion. Passion. 4 assists in the first. Let them try to stop him. Mike Malone wanted Portland to feel him? Creep. Almost jumped out of my middle seat on this tin can jet Gf got automatically upgraded so had to swindle some delta comfort plus upgrade styles so legroom is luckily in abundance. No but would love if your blood lust having ass stumbled into a bar I am drinking at after. I saw minor league mma there in like 2006 and there isnt a bad seat in the house. Forget the technical term It was a little offset when I was there I havent been to the rose land since the chainsmokers in like 20012 2012 Sloppy joes No it doesnt Hood the X Why we settling those garbage 3s? Ian basketball positions are like fashion. Its all cyclical. Pretty soon we will find ourselves in the big 3 era again The PF position always perplexed me honestly. I feel like that position is the reason centers have slowly been phased out. More production. Hes great a lot to be fair What is up with Lillards handles lately? Losing balls on drives he usually dominates. Hes probably a better pitcher than Pat Were def gonna need dame in this one KANTER THE GAWD! I love Kanter and I love how much he loves Portland What time does everyone got? Cant tell if Im behind This is the first time in awhile Ive felt comfortable with our secondary coming in Im buying a ZC Jersey after this series How many assists? Oh. Nvm. Fuck Collins not having 2 in the third is a blessing Agreed Hes slow why are we not bodying him up top? The thrill I feel like he is a ball of pain at this point In his defense when dame isnt being dame someone needs to try Im gonna ask again. What happened to Dames handles? What the fuck Hey leave Californians out of this! They are boosting the local economy Woah bro CJ = Dame? I like that I would argue we are in OT because dame drove to within 5 of the cup and dished it to Aminu Defense Yeah guys I retract my previous statement Gundy can you text Stotts and ask him why we took Kanter out? Cj doing too much Wooooo This. Is. Nuts. I had to get my ass out of the airport. Alexander? Did you iron those pants? Just found out that my friends dad owns Maximum Security. Just catching up on everything actually was meant for another text. Ill see myself out. 40 for sure Blazers in 5 Essentially that scenario is when Space earned his bid. Wtf is wrong with these refs This. Is. Nuts. Fuck off ian Sitting Curry for so long was a mistake. Hot hand. Am I right Brock? Make your god damn free throws This goes to OT GS takes it An unbelievable first look for Durant Ouch Hahah Yeah timing was not great I would argue that there have been rumblings off his unhappiness in Boston for awhile though Probably should have forewent the whole kit Yeah he looked a lot like lebron did his last game in Cleveland For real - except Kyrie hasnt come out and said he loves Portland and wants to stay like LA did That fuck Oh I stand corrected then Meh one could easily twist that in to a front office situation But yeah that is not a good look Speaking of that fuck LA - what are the chances we get him this offseason? Elaborate for me please Weve always needed a big man Ah - got it. Thank you for that Also love that we can just call it the 0.9 Do we call this years the 1.5 then? I mean from what I gather LA was a bit of a bitch regardless so it is hard to pick a side You think it will go down in history for the Thunder as the Logo Loss? Step it up boys! Yeah - Dame is still putting up solid numbers but his percentage is waaaay down from what we were seeing in the OKC series He looks off out there. Curious if something is going on behind the scenes we arent privy to He has looked a lot better on D these playoffs Yeah also him hitting the 1.5 showed his ridiculous range - even moreso than the shots he was making beforehand. Denver is def bodying him way earlier now so hopefully we can figure out how to combat that or Aminu + Harkless can make more than 4 3s in 4 games. Yes please Or another Curry cook sesh I have a good feeling about tonight Yeah they sound like a bunch of kooks Going to try my damnedest Going to get got by the bots though i am sure J1s are my bred and butter and worse case they flip for like $1k You as well Chad. Over Love lesbians We look like we have given up already Bye For sure. 29 year old me however is going to be watching ebony porn for weeks after that text Did the Swimsuit drop today or just the cover? Jesus Yes please halt the photos whilst I am at work. My standing desk is not conducive to constant boners WTF? Fork yeah Brock japan is the shit! Imagine if they allowed drugs there Of fuck yeah - did you do that already? Fuck I am so jealous. I would go back in a heartbeat the place is the best Have you eaten at a Katsu restaurant yet? Yeah but god damn do they love to drink Pro tip you can walk and drink on the street Little known fact I found out on my last day there Yeah its not great there but I feel it is mostly because there are no garbage cans to throw your trash away once your done so you have to carry it for the next 6 hours You get a Starbucks in the morning and you have that fucking cup for the rest of the day We started ducking into fast food restaurants and 7/11s Never had a cleaner butthole Oh fuck Yeah that is a good point But will other leave is the question? Wow Watching this game with Turner is nothing less than obnoxious True that Im looking forward to the old man life Chad. Is there a house available on your block? Lets be neighbors HAHAHA Ive been thinking about making a change Denver is on the list but Portland is the current frontrunner of course Anyone listen to YGs new single Go Loko? Interested to hear your thoughts. https://open.spotify.com/album/1GZ1ugREGYIdS5isG2PIFD?si=nqtUmdohTs6Wh1WMhdLZew Pffft Bye Should we make a super liga playlist? Fair Oh balls yeah My GF just brought over a foster Dogs are great Do you know what kind mark or just whatever they fall in love with? Love that Fuck you Mark FEED CJ Ive never understood that What the actualfuck Heard the movie was actually good Oh great Has ET on anyone worked? RODNEY!!! Not gonna get too excited though since he cant hit threes FT s I mean I gave him a pep talk last night CJ have a night! GET ET THE FUCK OUT What is his +/-? only included the + as a courtesy I know it is - Sick Alright the bench is cooking lets gooooo Love me a Dame dunk What a bitch ?Cams not here anymore Im Camilla. Depends on the colorway https://www.adidas.com/us/dame-5-shoes/BB9314.html?cm_mmc=AdieSEM_Feeds-_-GoogleProductAds-_-NA-_-BB9314&cm_mmca1=US&cm_mmca2=NA&ds_rl=1257009&ds_rl=1256970&gclid=EAIaIQobChMIgO-cu4mQ4gIVgchkCh1gGAQjEAQYBiABEgL--vD_BwE&gclsrc=aw.ds&kpid=BB9314&sourceid=543457011 You too can shoot from the logo Jesus fuck with the free throws what the hell is happening?! HES BACK This looks more like the team from the first round We would be up a game and up 10 in this one at this point Plumlee 56% FT shooter hits both his FTs I think im behimd Def behind Not always ET needs to be Oh no question Portland is seemingly the place players go to get their confidence back ZC! Thrill? Zach is a hot head for sure You see CJ explaining to Stotts that he poked him? PFFFFT Im gonna write stotts a letter! Wait lets talk about Baron being suspended game 7 When When is ramadan over? Houman Holy balls Fuck so we have PBJ Kanter for the rest of the playoffs On that note Dame should have saved the teals What time we think the game will be? Tickets really that much? Oh flights....ignore me Im no taking no toll road Matt fuck that What time dies this game have potential to be? 12:30 and 3:30? Fork Yeeeeah please god let it not be 12:30 So if the Warriors win we will be 6:30 If the Rockets win 12:30? https://www.cnbc.com/2019/05/08/nikes-app-is-getting-a-new-sizing-feature-heres-how-it-will-work.html This is pretty wild !!!!! So fucking good You should get the above graphic on some booty shorts to wear to the game chad. Chris Paul just said Jokic is the #1 player of the playoffs *Paul Pierce. Wow drunk already Also the NBA on ESPN crew are clowns Fucking. Clowns. Legit just trying to replicate Inside the NBA Not even bad at it but just bad in general Fuck. Wow legend Chad Khyle Kuzma looking for a new job? ? I fucking love Enes ? This is not dame of playoffs past Pffft Steven dont know shit For you GOT fans who are just as upset with the slowly wrapping outcomes of these past episodes - we have a new starbucks cup. https://www.tmz.com/2019/05/13/game-of-thrones-jaime-lannister-hand-grows-back-cersei/ I mean this season is just a turd swirling a toilet bowl at this point Collins Woooow Mind is blown Mark can you put $10 on the blazers to win it all for me? Rodney with a left bone bruise Whats the finals line at now? If someone wants to throw $10 on the blazers winning it all for me Ill throw you $15 when we win. Would be my first sports bet of the year - I think i can spare it Wait Gundy what is this ping pong balls debacle? Ah. Derp. Game 7 tickets standing room would be outlandish I looked after we won and standing room (where you cant even see the floor) were $185 - if you wanted a seat they were ~$400 for nosebleeds Totally worth it Heard the Burnside bridge is nice this time of year Fork Thats not horrible Yeah Turner what a fucking idiot That article gets me horny It is an odd feeling these days to have people come up to me and say they are routing for the Blazers I legit dont know how to react. Thanks? I AM HARD AGAIN I cant wait to see Brocks word map at the end of this year after the blazers giving us hard ons for an entire season Matt the picture brought me so much joy https://www.instagram.com/p/BxdQKYegwGqtq7pMuzWOt1o9WPfYR4khVeU9Rc0/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=v8zveqrroy84 Dammit ? Brought me a lot of joy today Holy shit youre kidding me. Thats wild. Haha. You should have said something. ?Was it this dude? I took a picture of this fool cause he looks like Jake Neel. Well obviously a triangle is much more desirable than a octagon OH FORK YESSSSS OH FORK YEA Im about to tell my boss to shove it and get my ass to a bar stat - Im fucking fired up! LETS FUCKING GOOOOOO Even the dish to Harkless Oh for sure Given our track record in the playoffs we are in a great spot. 3rd and 4th quarter team for sure 13 turnovers is the difference Wow That sucks Laymen time Steph will go back to averaging 5 A superliga burn room is precisely what Terry needs to change his mind right now Kawhi has 2! So whats the deal with KD anyway? They still havent announced his timetable? Oh fuck They are 27-1 without KD when curry plays. I almost would rather have him back to hold the ball and throw off their ball movement. Wow. Aminu needs to fucking go Im over this shit We look incredible outside of Aminu Drive at Draymond Why is Meyers still in? This is fucked Good run boys Too emotionally invested in this team HA Meyers with 3x threes. We cant lose! Fuck yall my power is out Dont even put that into the universe Mark. What the fuck is going on with Meyers?! He just needed to start all along? Is this Myers team now? Evan Turner needs to fucking die in a fire He had a shot A defensive rebound would be tight Hes played like shit all game. Coaching was garbage this series Appreciate it brother. Watching that 4th quarter with him was nothing less than unbearable. Turnovers Damn inside the nba won 4 emmys Amazing Thought they were going to make Shaqtn Holy shit. Wild Chad! I still think they are better off personally Oh fuck yeah Bucks owners daughter Yeah Drake as soft as a soggy graham cracker Thats like some middle school shit SHUT THE FUCK UP FUUUUUCK Aminu coming in at #3 Solid No i understan As in he is 3rd to worst its great1 Still a big advocate for text messaging sarcasm italics. https://www.instagram.com/p/Bx5-NeeA_lk/?igshid=vqij5q3njfro Patrick Mahomes is currently at the restaurant Im at. Any of yall watched the espn plus detail with Kobe breaking down Lillards game 3 against Denver? Yep. Him and Sam broke up and he needs a life change So ya boi is taking the master https://yeezysupply.com/password For you sneaker bros there is likely gonna be a drop soon We have a mini fridge for an entire floor Its a fucking joke Yeah we have 2 cafeterias Its fucking dank food I eat breakfast lunch and dinner here Yeeaaah whatever Facebook has been doing that shit for years ? We should cross reference with the liga engagement metrics for a wholistic brotherly view szechuan chicken! They shafted Shaft?! Holy fuck We are a camera company Snapchat If you watch that video that homie is a total Brad Hes in court suing Universal for making a Fast and Furious spinoff without him No he has not Likely at Vins request as he hated them bringing in the Rock Holy fuck What is it called? What studio? Also Marky hiring Jimmy Butler to teach his teenie little daughter to play hoops is a power move I want some Whalburgers so bad Jake is a fucking nut Very weird Shut the fuck up Thats amazing Basically the video of the man on fire from yesterday How the fuck did we not see that? Nobody did. We are all failures Holy shit that is wild Literally every comment is blowing up this kids spot Seems like a layup to get them to say yes Wow https://www.instagram.com/p/ByVenCIJ9mS/?igshid=3zjpcsb4bmzy ? I knew this felt right today Blazers are quickly climbing the ranks in my shoe circles. Cheap. Stylish. High tops. Comfortable. Is there any reason with Looney out and Thompson questionable not to put all of my money on Toronto tonnight? He needs an out strategy Jesus Green is FUEGO Jesus fuck curry has more points than the rest of the team combined Durant coming back next year? Im loving this fucking game. The DAGGER from Gasol Bahaha bitch Cant wait for a game 7 comeback Fuuuuck I just stole fifty cars in one night. I'm a little tired, a little WIRED! and I think Gone in 60 Seconds deserves a little appreciation! Fuck yeah Mark NO Those are Greek Freakn UGLY https://twitter.com/mutsack/status/1136767222544818182?s=12 Im gonna miss game of zones They just gonna start attaching react soles to everything Dubov? Yesterday Its. Interesting But who are we going to need to get in the second round? Wait Is kings landing getting burned by dragons? I agree with Dylan Never said that but I feel pretty confident we would smoke these warriors also. 65% Klay, fractured collar bone Looney. I beg to differ Ian Did I say anything about Kawhi? Did I say anything negative about Toronto? Yeah I mean losing with 3x all stars playing is never a good look But as far as the gameplay is concerned at this point the Blazers could have hung You need to calm down on the easts dick for a sec Toronto is great The warriors path to the finals would have been a lot tougher if their 5 all star starters were non existent earlier on. Its easy to look at a series as wins and losses but its a different story when injuries are involved. Need I remind you Blazers also lost Nurk early on. STRIPES ARE IN BABY! Fuuuuck Gets paid I agree with the doctor Kawhis balls are seemingly as big as his hands. I hope she fucking sprouts a third boob Oh i seent the fourth photo Def go blazed Dammit Im all thumbs today Yeah I dont get that part either Damn https://twitter.com/demosfootball/status/1138610458837938176?s=12 Ducks to the ship! Could be argued He wasnt great but somehow made it work Dont irk me Dubov What the actual fuck On both accounts Paul Pierce on my flight to Boston. The slightest amount but he is all the way up in first class so I cant imagine what it smells like up there. Are we upset we didnt go Bol Bol? Last time you try and help that homie Ill make a call Honestly was drunk as shit when I met him. I think he hated me BAHAHA Is that confirmed? Interesting Gonna be NUTS Ohhh Jimmmay! Happy birthday dude. I hope you see this. Fucking great film and even better analogy What the actual fuck? Link me Yeah how does Julius take that? He seems like a glass half empty kinda guy Oh he responded. Yo @Eneskanter last time you guarded me I had 45 relax bro lol Oh shit Hell yeah Gundy congrats my man! Looked amazing! Yeah he needs to calm his tits on all that Dont even fucking think about muttering negativity towards Dame Simmons you fucking twat! Yeah who saw them being relatively trash coming? In that vain do we see Nurk coming back as good as ever or do we have a Hayword-esque season from him ahead of us? I have a feeling it is going to be the latter Yeah this is fair Guess it is a more comparable scenario to Boogie Holy shit Snag your season ticks now hoomie Ohhhhh fuck OHHHHHH FUCK LETS GO BOYS! Maybe Dame worked Neil not being a bitch into his supertax? supermax What idiots! HAHAHA Love how this years FA is also seemingly setting up for a big trade deadline as well. I would love to hate them in the city I live too Actually what am I saying I do hate them already Holy shit thats bad https://www.instagram.com/p/BzYecNzAIqi/?igshid=cjt9tpishw3j Holy shit guys I dont know how to feel with all of these moves. I still hate him Who knows Ian maybe year 8 is his year? Literally screaming that all around my office CHEATERS! Nobody knows they have made no announcements Holy shit https://www.instagram.com/p/BzdhGPGBmbm/?igshid=gazwpa90b765 Dubov you a of these? Haha Bahahah Its just trump firing back at Nike after they went after him for his ridiculous tariffs Boban to Mavs? ?Portland street sneakers are a bunch of dad shoes. No surprise. Nobody breaks up face to face anymore Bahahaha. This is amazing https://www.instagram.com/p/BzgQhxuJGX7/?igshid=18ny6p1gfu2oe Shit was gnarly I dig that we dropped. Dame plays better mad. Field For sure - so much movement of talent this FA that there are a solid 5-6 teams in my mind vying for the ship. https://www.instagram.com/p/Bzv5xG6FZXG/?igshid=xkz55ohiyv8u Is Seth going to be able to achieve was Wes was unable to in Dallas? How the fuck did we get a C? Inglorious Basterds Ive seen 8 17 here How the hell does someone mention so many movies in 2 chapters? Ah that actually sounds relatively interesting I could be down for some JR HA The link is dead for me COMMON FOLK?! Its so the Greeks can afford them Yall see Nike blocked AD and Lebrons #23 switch? Hey now baby face single handedly made ya boy a large sum of sheckles in the stock market. Im partial to the girl as homies have been using it to catch sexual predators. Pretty wild people are so stupid Yeah those are pretty sweet Fun fact - Shaq is a Toms guy ?Also you guys see this shit? I mean honestly I think we may have given Russia the idea so I feel kinda bad if true What do you look like as a babushka Dubov? Holy shit https://www.instagram.com/p/B0Ecq8JBRWK/?igshid=1xwe0ig3nuru7 ?? Fucking amazing Chad help him escape and make BANK Is this a joke? https://fadeawayworld.net/2019/07/21/how-the-blazers-could-acquire-lamarcus-aldridge-and-demar-derozan/ My thoughts exactly - who the fuck is this? All his articles are so and so said this - Insert NBA Exec says stuff Mom sent that to me in a frenzy Told her to sit the fuck down Im talking about his other articles articles No matter how dumb Nico Martinez might be the thought of getting De(BigM) and La(BigM) would be pretty fucking sick Jesus really going all in on em Nike signed Cam Reddish Hed be hard pressed to find fucking scooter parking in front of James Beach. OHHHH As good as my college GPA and I have a job so im in ?This is literally an un-age-edited photo of Pau ? Portland Pau Very hip and with it Well fuck I cant pass that up 1 moment Not my best photoshop work but it is out in the wild ?Dubov, this shit real? Nike has their own Clear line now? Jesus The day he rolled up in his STI I knew we were all going to get some good life memories They just signed Tacko https://www.instagram.com/p/B0bemPHgDlk/?igshid=1htab9phwfq1 We still have a chance at JR or nah? Jesus its like they just expect you to ponder life or something Oh Hellz yeah Fuck that I get what you are saying but fuck alllll that ITS OUR TIME Not saying we are going to but we have a solid chance its called sport Ohhhh fuck yeah The shot heard round the world Going to a screening of Hobbs & Shaw tonight boys Fucking pumped to see the Rock pull a helicopter down to the ground with a rope Was not my intention but my LA is definitely showing and thats embarrassing How long her out? In the army now! C+ Leaning tower of cheesa CJ also has one of the top ten sports podcasts according to Esquire while Dame is out dropping tracks. Multi-faceted mother fuckers right there. They look way better in person Oh big time Sudeikis is subtle swag Happy birthday Dubov! Hope the fam makes you the good borscht for your special day! Im not a cop, its cool! Oh fuck Im SO IN We getting a box? I was in and out during that part of the convo yesterday Im down for either of those Houman Heads! Always talked about it in college and we never got them made Now is our chance You came down with a cold, whats wrong with that? Pauley D playing in Portland soon or something? ^THAT We already know he wants to come back. Why send ZC to SA when we could have them both LET ME BE GREEDY Also ill never forgive LA Im not giving up ZC for that bum Hes my dopalgangar also I need a halloween costume Would rather not throw the kitchen sink at LA if we can watch him crawl back in free agency next year and retire where he belongs I want to watch LA come crawling back on his own accord, essentially validating he is dumb. Then I will love him again. I mean if we end up with him via a trade I will learn to love him again - but ill be glaring at him for the first 1/4 of the season from the sidelines for sure. Hes 21 Wonder if the Pumas are causing boogie all these issues? ?? Happy Friday Chad! OC has nothing to riot about its 99% white and stay at home moms who are sleeping with their neighbors gardener Very fair I forget I grew up in the only non-white part of the city Youre having a rough run in with service industry workers today there Chad The frat made you willingly, or more likely unwillingly, a philanthropist! Youve danced for a cause god dammit you shouldnt need to take this shit https://metro-co-uk.cdn.ampproject.org/c/s/metro.co.uk/2019/08/18/nike-just-released-a-new-pair-of-trainers-and-they-look-like-crocs-10590217/amp/ What the fuck is Nike doing? It has a lot of potential And brother goodman lost a TON of weight That is actually a great fucking pojnt Hes actually not as annoying as you would anticipate But very similar to his other roles for sure Guy doesnt have many layers ^+1 https://www.instagram.com/p/B1WifFlHLUp/?igshid=19eekkz8aeozf Dame at #3 Tied with Kawhi LA Wildcats is such lame name Yeah good Fuuuuuck Better than Colt fuckin railing lines in his car outside his dealers house The SF Warriors one is a kick to the nuts Golden State didnt need to be fucked with its the whole fuckin state Anyone tag Turner yet? Oh shit you right you right. Surprisingly they were the Philadelphia Warriors first. 1946-1962 I dunno guys I kinda dig the taste of hatred and ignorance Dammit mark you may have just ruined burgerville forever for me Their milkshakes though are fucking dank dont @ me Bahahah Yeah can someone unpack this for me? What is the Oregon State over? Thats a tough one ? Carr would never do that hes too much of a pussy https://www.instagram.com/p/B1mo5dqnZVC/?igshid=1gctfiham91z About damn time they made these Every year I say Im not gonna but another jersey then they pull this shit Watching Chappelle now and he is going the fuck in. I love it. You think the shoe on the foot she is about to put in her mouth was made in the US? Also my buddy told me today that if you watch the more trailers there is a 22 minute bonus epilogue Watching that tonight for sure The pinstripes that look like they were taken from a soda cup in an Oklahoma diner were a nice touch WOW How would that even work in foreign countries though? I doubt they would just accept them as their own So now we have a Terminal situations on our hand with hundreds of thousands of children living in citizenship purgatory LA does it to people man Boys. In Zion with no service. If this message makes it to you can you please let me know what is happening? Happy birthday Dylan! Anybody watch the new The Shop Uninterupted? CJ said like 5 words Holy shit what a block Actually was that blocked or just a really shitty kick? Wow Portland bros im in Portland and should be free around 4. Who wants to grab a drink in downtown? Im staying at the ace. Im here till Thursday morning but have a gauntlet of meetings tomorrow with a happy hour tomorrow night so dont think Ill be able to rendezvous. Dubov I think Ill be on the nike campus at 3 but let me confirm. It may be with the Wieden today. Rengel Im free until then I love it when the boys come to LA! Oh thats fun Sail gating looks sick as fuck ? That. Is. Epic. LA has always been quiet and efficient. Even when he was on the blazers you would feel like he was having a bad game and he would have 26 and 10 Still hate him though I will never forgive him for what he did but I would feel better watching him crawl back to the team he abandoned pleading for mercy A championship would be tight too On a plane. What we talking bout here? Does it have to do with Meyers? I mean his wife is pretty hot I imagine her beating the shit out of Meyers in the bedroom Please continue with the updates Dubov. This is the kind of big dick energy I need in my life this weekend. https://twitter.com/epasadenanow/status/1173208729262510082?s=12 Dont mess with north Texas I guess *Oklahoma This has to be a record for injured QBs Wait wait wait, lillard committed to 2020 Olympic team? https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.si.com/nba/2019/09/18/damian-lillard-2020-tokyo-olympics-commitment-trail-blazers Sorry went full Millennial and only read the headline. Verbally committed. Agreed Wait. What?! Bunk! Congrats on the parental sex 29 years ago Oh shit my B Bunks didnt realize you were the 3-0 We play them early November and December So may be a 50/50 with PG Have a feeling he is gonna play us VERY hard after playoffs last year ? Matty I saw your liter beer post this morning and was yearning for more content. Knew you would come through. Ohhh dats nice. Anyone else upgrade to iOS13? ?Dark mode! Yeah the contrast is a bit much but Im interested to see if it helps my battery life Is AB still staying at Bradys house? LA WILDCATS SHOULD SIGN HIM ASAP GOIN TO THE SHIP! Holy fucking shit that is the best thing Ive seen in awhile When we drafting so I can be sure not to be team auto-draft again this season? I will be there next Friday NO, my fucking sister planned a birthday party for my 1 year old niece that I have to be at I am going to the WSU game though Anyone buying bulk tickets to that bad boy? Roger that A slew of us Californians are making that pilgrimage up for WSU Should be a real bro-down For real though OCT 16th looks good to me I could be tempted to fly up for that FUUUUCK I will be there! Im down to cruise. My flight is at 5:45 back to LAX though ?? Well fuck That shit looks like he injected his arms with animal fat That is probably what Sam Jacobs is striving to look like ?? Hey say what you want but we all owe Sam a big debt of gratitude as he has given us all something to aspire to The way he likely thinks Being tall is dope We had much and bark dust convo Mulch and bark dust Any of you all watch years and years on HBO? Is it worth the stress? I dont think I can watch until after we elect a new president I do not understand. Most of those views are from China DAU in the US is only like 12M Welp Jboyd is engaged gentlemen. Meyers would fucking wear LeBrons Just had flashbacks to I-week of Mark in a diaper and Im a bit shook at my desk. Thought I completely blocked that out and yet here we are. Yall try the cheese crusted toasted cheddar Chalupa? Chalupas are literally deep fried pita bread Its the candy companies getting rid of their trash in the variety packs Like lays potato chips in the frito lay variety packs. Give me Cheetos and Doritos and back the fuck off Bernie hasnt been resting his Cheerios Not gonna touch that with a 1,000,000,069 foot pole ?This was the last time I saw turner... Fuck didnt realize Turner was AT the game..... No at the angels game Last week Everyone put Turner on suicide watch ?I fucking love Nurk I work here now ? BAHAHAHA Fucking amazing Hmmm, havent met them yet - only on my fourth week. They out of NY? Ah got it. Then yeah NY Yeah the names sound familiar - our office in LA is like legit 20 people. Maybe less. HEY THAT WAS US ASS HOLE Wowzers Any of you Portland goons gonna be around this weekend? I leave Sunday at 5:30 Bummed Im gonna miss fan fest! Pm What time? What email is this? Oh super dope super dope Ah Roger How does one enter this contest? Does a valid Venmo account suffice? Anytime Yeah I agree Give us the tea Brock! Yeah very fair Also with an OU of 24.5 why the fuck would love not want to come home? Cavs are GARB How many wins did the Blazers have in 2017-18 - asking for the Timberwolves... Why the napkins though? How much money do you think Bernie will raise for a new heart? Lotta people docking up on Utah that is for sure If you can catch a low drop do it because the street value is almost always going to go up Speaking of https://www.instagram.com/p/B3NhHmrnRk7/?igshid=sgdd22qp653o We are gonna ass rape the NBA this year. Pucker up buttercup! Our D is so fire. Thank fuck cause our offense is playing like poo. ? Sco fucking ducks boys Welp Chase just handed the Raiders the game Who the fuck are the sharks? Ah Is Tacko gonna be a force? Looked solid today Yeah definitely seems that way Pretty wild how easily he can clean up around the rim Brock when we gotta get our over under picks in? Roger that - thats what I thought. Holy shit what a boss GS has too big of a China following for him to fuck up Ohhhh shit Fuck that makes me horny though Need to come see you, the place and shred a little this winter Chad They are correlated. Hopefully that was a good sign Chad? Also woof Dubov. What the fuck is a 10 hour meeting for? Going to Sofi Tukker with turner tonight. I have a feeling I am going to get punched a lot. Speaking of Succession https://open.spotify.com/track/7vAkKCODYbpF2b6brNLzqo?si=-dbahKnETruA34bleNr6Hw Litty OH SHITE John Oliver putting Stephen A on blast tonight Burning him for being Stephen A but also for what hes been saying about the NBA China sich. He essentially said that he doesnt support what Morey said because the NBA is going to lose a lot of money because of it. Essentially came off like he is in support of the Chinese government suppressing Hong Kong citizens because of the amount of money they have. John obviously said it much more eloquently but worth a watch. Anyone coming down for SC game? Going to start looking into tickets in the next week or so ? Currently 81 in China(town) What time is draft? Nvm Yeah you fuck Fuck that gets me hard Yeah same here. Wait why was I not aware you had those? I cant keep up these days IM sorry brother Thats fucking dope and Im jealous Were aging up boys Wait till we sign mello Mark the live of that photo is the energy I need right now Yeah I agree. What has changed with our defense to allow them to run all over us all of a sudden? We gonna blame the rain? Yeah Mario does not know how to manage time That was a total cock tease Yeah its pretty ridiculous how off his throws have been today Herbert has been so inconsistent its sickening. What the fuck was that? Throw to the flat 10 feet from the closest guarded receiver? Yep planning on finishing this up tonight - appreciate the reminder Can you re-link/ Damn Sac-Town getting a MLS team Yeah that is pretty wild - 30 teams seems like a bit much Link! Fuuuuuuuuu Was he shit faced? Every time Ive talked to him hes been smashed. Hahaha BAHAHA Love that for him You sound like a loser right now And as you said nobody likes those Buff stremas Fo sho Tik tok God dammit Im glad Im not the only one who noticed Howard still a bitch God bless him But think of all the snow you will miss Chad All my la friends last night asking me about why we let Mo go. I told them to keep an eye on him this year, hes streakier than your windshield after a homeless man windexs it at a stoplight. Couldnt be more bullish on the blazers this year. Once Nurk is back fucking look out world. Finally some depth at big man. THE MOMENT WEVE BEEN WAITING FOR SUNCE THE EARLY 2000s! I dont expect him to put up big numbers but I expect him to push some big boys around and get some boards. Beast has the most heart in the team Even if he comes back after asb that would be solid for us in our playoff push Excuse me. Finals run* Hope that the fans have fun drinking 5% beers and not being able to drink hard alcohol all weekend. Blazers are fucking legit Fuck WHAT THE ACTUAL FUCK You gonna cut em up to get to the upside down? A little surprised that only the tailwinds sold out Louis had consent to jerk off in front of those women Oh shit! Friendly?! Grown up sports! Oh got it Smart man You bite your tongue I probably wouldnt get in now I actually have no argument with that list UCs are def the hardest to get in. Hence the abundance of Californians at Oregon Legit the only reason I went to Oregon was because auto acceptance Wasnt writing no essay Or paying for any applications I didnt need to It was 2.8 I think No thats wrong Im talking to myself Houman I didnt know what colleges were even in existence outside of Oregon Why Tennessee? I will say their orange is the best orange Just because you got waitlisted doesnt make UW the best Houman WSU is just happy to be here I mean cant we all agree that we are all glad we went to Oregon? Oh shit I didnt know your dad went there space. Thats dope. My fam is glad I went to Oregon as well so they can justify their outlandish fandom outside of just living in Oregon Apple doesnt fall far from the tree Well fuck that would have been a great story Maybe we make that story a reality this weekend? Hahaha Didnt mean your dad specifically Lotta drunk bros gonna be in eug this weekend. What a boss Portland bros. Where is a good spot with decent food and beer where I can post up and work until all you hooligans are off work? Is this place also a strip club? Hahaha Hahaha My association is quarter beers at the nile If its not raining a gaggle of bros are gonna rendezvous at Revolution at 2:30 Headed to great notion is se if anyone cares to to join. Ill be hanging for awhile The east one Yes north Gonna go ham on email and eat food Yeeeeah there he is! Oh fuck yeah I send a lot of gifs For sure I think I can find a use for that ? Clayton you didnt tell me they were waffle fries! Might give it a shot but I am a big hop guy. If I could drink a straight hop that would be preferred. I know Kenny Chestnut OH wow I didnt even see those and Ive been plugged in to chat today Who we talking bout? Also still kickin it at Great Notion if anyone needs a drink What if he wants to bail? Is that possible? To which we would respond with ZC and a pick? WHO. SAYS. NO!? They are looking to play fundamental basketball only to fall to the #1 seed Blazers in the first round on their epic run to the champtionship Ive had so many beers that even my texts have a lisp...Champtionship? Tight... You gonna buy a Meyers jersey space? Man of the troops that guy An American patriot as they say I will be there That is very tight He is playing lights out Also playing against him in fantasy ?? Fuck you Dubov! Hahaha Mines working Fuck So if they overturn they inbound? Center court? Interesting Hell yeah lets go Can we challenge that foul? Woooo Lets gooo Holy shit https://www.instagram.com/p/B4JEs-uhjsU/?igshid=1s9b79fh7393p Holy shit Thats awesome Mark how that deer carcass turn out? I dont even know what that means Wait wait wait. Collins got hurt tonight? Fuck Huh? Its not really Damn. Def prefer that to fire Wait for real? What kinda whip you rollin in these days Chad? Oh my fuckin guy what a whip Renting one in Banf in December and I fully anticipate wanting one after Oh dammit dont tell me that Even the TRDs? And the windows roll down in the back For all the dogs im gonna own But they put in food trucks! Also that! Jesus Tony Speaking of someone who cant take the heat. Saw on ESPN this morning that the Nets are currently concerned with Kyries mood swings He is just less of an outward bitch as Durant He becomes uncle drew and pulls a Jared Leto and cant shake the act and has become as onery as a Boomer. Did we get an update on ZC? Darn PowerPoint is inferior to Keynote Keynote is infinitely better outside of not being able to put it into google slides Yeah I would agree with that God dammit youre good Chad Wow yeah that sounds pretty dumb Gmail Mixed feelings about it Bahaha You can update your gmail background to be images though. Mine is currently Tokyo Uh oh He is streakier than my underwear And my launderer has let me know that it is an actual problem Dubov let me know how the new ride-share pick up goes at LAX What a doll Please tell me you followed through Rengel Dubov your son signing with under armour? Lame. Jesus Whoever plays me can just have the win - im about to give up already this season What is Vlipsy? Marshmallow is coming to my office today Im not allowed downstairs for the next 2x hours I didnt sign an NDA How the hell did I miss that ZC needed surg? Wow do the Blazers actually miss Meyers? Where all my streamers watching? NVM Wow would be really sick to get a rebound Why do we always struggle against these fucks even when I cant honestly name anyone on the floor for their team Why? Why? I hate the warriors so fucking much Its crazy to think we finally felt comfortable ish at big man. Then ZC goes down and it looks like we forgot that position exists. Dame puts up 40 against a bunch of scrubs on the warriors. We lose by 10. Booker puts up 40 on the team with the best record in the league and they win by 5? I actually liked Matts better That sounds pretty sick to me We are 100% saying that is our group name Or just simply the superliga ? Kornet is legit not owned by a single human on Yahoo Fantasy Wow Cant wait to see the Superliga on the Jumbotron But VERY SFMC Hezonja is garb Almost faught a multiple of people and yellingly consoled in a multitude of blazer fans here. The jerseys are very fresh here and Im not okay with that Tonight was throwback night where they wore jerseys from when the clips were in buffalo. Fuck. The fuck off. Our bench outside of Ant is Garb Big sauce happy birthday my dog Damn - Steph likely out for the season? Da fun? fuq I dont understand what is going on - they gonna blow the team up or something? Dumb Can we do that? That sounds kinda nice I know. Fucking amazing Wow we look great I know we are still early in the season but can all of our players pretend to be hurt for the rest? This is embarrassing... Get Simons some minutes What the fuck man 44 Still down 3 Where the fuck is CJ 2 points Unreal This is nuts ? We need to win this for dame dammit 50% from 3 Insanity Whiteside looks a lil more on his game tonight Praise be to shaq Meanwhile, in LA. https://www.instagram.com/p/B4oeG4mAIAV/?igshid=2r6akvqgygg9 I like this lineup Wow Dame with half our points and were still down Wow I think you are tight Matt. Right* Also tight. Welp. Still no home win this season. Very tight. Me too matty. Me too. Yeah Im fucked as well The warriors lost again tonight so thats fun I guess Maybe? At least their fans know theyve stopped trying so they can not worry. We are still trying. Really hard. That sucks. No Vlipsy allowed in the liga you fuck Jesus Do we want Melo at this pointe https://twitter.com/dame_lillard/status/1193201521783009280?s=12 Dame salty Jesus How was it? Mark we need to get and Asian excursion on the books. I need to travel with you. ?? My fucking team is in shambles. Shibuya? Pretty sure I went to that exact same cubby ramen spot Fuck so awesome Ah yeah different than the spot im thinking Exact same as the spot though Felt odd that you dont even see there persons face who is serving you I actually didnt make it to the fish market unforch. Def let me know how it is! I was legit just going to say go there ? Its fucking cool Borderless I dont think Planets was there when I was ther But also looks very cool Pretty much seems like anything TeamLAB does is dope as fuck Bahaha FUUUUUCK Fish market? Youre making me want to go back already Honestly I have no words for how this season makes me feel thus far. What idiot wears cactus jacks to a festival? Fucking idiots Probably why the cost of wave runners has been dropping drastically the last 2 days Fuck Im crying Dubov Godspeed on your grandmothers recovery No Off-whites? You dont wanna run track in off-whites WHATS WRONG WITH YOU! Bahaah - I hope the spikes are non-removable The Bred 11s are only going for $300ish on GOAT - they will drop in 4-6 weeks to be about retail Also the breds drop next month 14-Dec Not 11/14 Interesting Regardless they cheap on GOAT Will only go down when they actually drop just in time for christmas Yeah they tight They will push big units Bred drops so far this year have been monstrous Aw man I was excited to see what you needed to talk to me about verbally HOLY SHIT IM ALL IN ON THIS HOODIE MELLOW GONNA FIT RIGHT IN IN COLD AS PORTLAND We also have a Hood on our team! BAHAHA Please explain No I refuse to believe I was very worried you were going to say that They look like my fucking water socks I bought off amazon ? 23 Dammit chad said 23 25 You tell em doc! If yall had cancer you wouldnt try any means necessary to stay alive if it was basically gree? free I like alcohol and when im drunk I like cigs, whats your point? We need all the help Everyone but Dame has been playing like shit Has anyone proven that they need to be guarded outside of Dame? I think we are getting a little ahead of ourselves. What we are doing obviously isnt working. https://twitter.com/TG3II/status/1195204732735885312 We are AMERICAS TEAM! https://twitter.com/nickcocco18/status/1195166274017472512?s=12 FUCK. YES. MATTY! We play the rockets on Monday. Carmelo going for 25 Nuh uh https://www.instagram.com/p/B42uGbogi5L/?igshid=wucqivl68x1m I wish Dame had better taste in shoes... Multi talented but I think his eyes are broken. Did they house swap? Daily struggle matty Speaking of sneakers, Chad can you let me know your thoughts on the Dame6s? Am I the only one who hates them? What would you do besides a big reveal Space? Just typical b-roll feel with feet in frame? Hahaha Thanks Brock I also am partial to the 1s The 2s werent bad but they werent anything special Probably because he has a big reveal in the daily when people realize hes not a child but In fact a grown ass man matty Uhhhh Hahaha Thats epic What CEO shows up to the office first? HAHAHA The internet is an amazing place Blazers pippen is the first u remember. Probably had others before that I had a swaggy Fernandez rip city jersey Favorite part of japan mark? We should get a bro trip out there I would go in a second Japan is my wet dream of a country Im a reincarnated Asian boys I swear. I must have been good in my past life to come back as a white man. Dylan you and the fam doing Tokyo? Looks like a boss Yeah fuck Kanter Hes already assuming his role which is a good sign Tua out for the season ?? What. The. Actual. Fuck. Holy shit guys this season might not be for nothing after all! If Mello has a game it is going to be tonight Fuck those retro Rip Cities are sick So sad but good for the brothers pockets Good thing you are brothers Why is Jamal even a FA is my question? Still balls I wish group chats could have header images GIPHY is GIFs are EVERYWHERE including group chats ? Insert your brand into relevant conversations when they are happening in real time What kind of psychopath writes with a magnum 44 Sharpie? Yeah what kind of notes are those even? He needed to remind himself to say that shit? Welp Surprised they let him fly with it.... Well then I woulda brought some drugs with me instead Actually probably have better drugs in Miami I wish I could say Ive been on a charter plane before. So epic Nah I feel good about that HOLY SHIT YOURE RIGHT Wow Herb is garb Wow. Bowl at all? Wow. Sports are hard these days boys. I was on that call Long story short we were on the phone with Disney+ walking them through our products and they saw a bunch of baby Yoda gifs and were like, why are these on here? We didnt put them up. Then my AE panicked and ran to our partnerships team and made them have the partner take them down. Apparently the guy who made them was PISSED and is starting all kinds of trouble and Disney is denying the whole thing because they never technically asked for them to be taken down. Disney originals are on there Brink Cool Runnings All the old throwbacks Bahahaha Thats hilarious The thread is pretty amazing I fucking love every second of this We are Americas team! Jerseys are so fucking fresh also Dubov if they have a mello ripcity throwback at the ES please put your boy on notice Oh come on Happy Thanksgiving you filthy animals! Fried turkey? ?? My family doesnt trust me to cook so I made ham roll ups. And brought all the alcohol Its mostly for me but they also seem to enjoy some. ? Even brought some gateway alcohol for the young ones Fuck edibles sound nice Alright the merry crispmas bud light commercials are solid Whoda thunk that the dilly dilly campaign had so much legs and range More like Learn operationally proper amendments That is surprising I am a big fan of Disneyworld so a drunken night at Epcot May edge out a magic game for me personally. He looks stunned! Hahaha Would love to see Hassan end with more blocks than points Who ended up betting that Luca over? ?????????? Kings have been rolling lately. Buddy and Richaun have been eating. This. Is. Nuts. So lets be honest. Do we honestly think we can beat Utah next week? Im totes down for a rose bowl. ? Alright non NFL guy here. Did Garrett finally get canned? Yeah thats what I thought cause I couldnt find anything online. Had a feeling that would be happening soon though. I almost did yesterday Yeah you fuck! Ive been busting my ass over here to get to .500 You update it once a week - there is a button that does it for you Holy shit Anyone watch sneaker shopping with Dame? He buys all Adidas doest he? His Dame Dolls sweatshirt in the reindeer Oregon sign is fucking sick Dolla Fuck I wont be here You dont want to stay at my place Nah they lost to Dallas Sunday I feel like teams typically play okay in Utah because they cant go out anywhere https://twitter.com/dwyanewade/status/1202313082132930563 Zing! Ducks are going to for sure win I was just trying to convince Mark to bet his life savings on the ducks. I actually dont believe we are gonna win the way we have been playing. To be nervous against OSU was it for me TRUE Kendrick for me Keep watching The best of the decade playlist is fucking fire I gotta say Best of the decade for you* Watch his stats pummet plummet I mean I totally agree! Ive been a big fan of Mello from the early days of the twitter recruitment from CJ and Dame Just a thirsty turtle looks a little harder for water, know what I mean? Im hopeful he keeps balling and bullying people. Love that shit Yeah I agree Doesnt seem like it Let us retire the 00 in the rafters! Retire it twice! 0 No its moreso like those half jerseys parents wear for their kids who play on different teams I like that name Mello for love straight up Who says no? Youre gonna get off that mello hate train some day Dubov. And when you do Ill be waiting there at the train station holding a sign that says I told you so Look at how hes been bullying people Dubov is a Pop pers Purist if you will Box out, chest pass, layup kinda guy Well fuck Never been so high to so low Enlighten us again Chad Ohhhh I heard about this multi dimensional Ryan rumples ad Reynolds Legal is a funny thing I think if its not on broadcast you the rules are different. Been awhile since Ive worked in ad but space probably can shed some light More concise I would say Actually since he posted it I think they can do legit anything they want. Remembering now that Im paid digital placements you also cant show people drinking. In paid digital* Fuck ou You can also drink at animal kingdom FYI Got fucked up as shit there last April. Great day. Just you and the wifey? Im on a hot streak comin for you Dubov 0o0o0o0o Im excited for the word map the has CARMELLO in all caps huge as fuck right in the center Yo sidebar for you NY bros - I am flying in tomorrow around 4. You guys up to anything tomorrow night? Staying at the ace near the flat iron Kimball is also in town around the corner from me Until Sunday Wanna kick it Wednesday night? 0o0o0o I am in Lets get dinked Santa Con. I dont think I have a choice I drink the shit out of milk i dont anymore cause it goes bad but I take it from my office So youre telling me nobody in this chat eats cereal? I did drink probably about a gallon a week as a child At least Does ice cream count as milk cause if thats the case make that 2 gallons God fucking dammit Trade him for Love FUCK OFF Thats pretty neat Is it true he loves high tops so he can tuck the tip of his Weiner into them? Over FOR SURE They splitting a 50 piece tonight Dame fuego You could line all these homies up Chad I see you sig ep barber shop We are doing the row situation I thought? We not doing rip city row anymore? Regardless Im in Blake would be fun ? With these goons ? Guys weve lost Ian Space I sincerely apologize for drunkenly capturing intimate moments such as these and making them public. Drunk Cam feels the Liga is a safe space then sober cam realizes it is a burn room of sorts The real life king of drift also completely writing off the future DK as he blasted through boxes was one of the biggest subtle flexes is cinema history. Luka going down hurt me drastically Hes likely out a couple weeks they say Love how you both are projected to have less than you actually have Dood I had D-Rose earlier this season and had to drop him due to IR Hes actually relatively consistent and has a couple breakout games here and there which are pretty fun Might be shooting yall a few trade offers this week Might be shooting yall a few trade offers this week that arent Luka* Buncha wieners in this league They were talking about it this morning and said he is still in critical condition Shotgun tactic Dialing for dollars Any idea how ducks football is looking recruiting wise today? Im out of the loop and dont recognize any names so far. Its national signing day https://www.instagram.com/p/B6OCR94F1Cn/?igshid=1kt1phz38lzod Reminds me of Sunriver I thought all guns went pew pew pew? Oh fuck yeah University of California at Oregon babeeeeee! Not even the flag? BAHAHA Fucking Trump ass mother fuckers Surprised a taco salad didnt come up HOLY SHIT YOU GUYS I just found out that the creator of Titos name is Tito Beveridge It blew my mind personal Clayton happy birthday homie! HAHA Ferk thats tough I would say that its all systems go and if he doesnt answer then you were wrong Feel like he would have said no or Im busy if you couldnt Ah for sure Those also I get calls from 971 all the time Bunk that tree is fucking epic Reminds me of when a rolled up portion of the PDX carpet was the Rose Festival Parade guest of honor Ls were felt across the land Off white dunks Uhhhhh what?! Thats fucking sick as hell Pics please Ohhhh v nice I need to get on my dunk game 8 minutes without a heads up is a bit ridick https://www.instagram.com/p/B6UdUPDIC0i/?igshid=fn4wxr61rvl3 I would assume they are faster today then they once were but also have no clue Interesting that the shape of commercial planes also have not changed much cause I would say that aerodynamics could also help them be faster but again they look pretty much the same Yes what Rengal said Also we should all aspire to be this gramps when we are old https://www.instagram.com/p/B6XfGtdA1Mf/?igshid=1oppcsimdjffo Fucking dripping wet Must have a solid 401k to fund all that heat Jesus What the actual fuck?! This is fucking embarrassing Cant wait for more carmello highlights on all NBA content outlets. Cue the inspirational quote Dame post ? Who would of thought the DK of LA drove a Prius? WHAT??!? Merry Christmas and happy Hanukkah fellas! Boys, content Santa left some gifts under my social media tree this morning. ?? I would love to house the Liga for some content shoots It looks like they just gave up Was it for annabelle? That was in a time when old spice was getting praise for their outlandish manly man ads and everyone wanted a piece. Wow clips ball for sure Wait Space its your birthday? Fuckin A man I hope its a great one! Nikki and I are watching in a bar in lake Louis and she looks up at the TV and is like Ew, those jerseys are disgusting! What are those ice flames on their shorts? Hahaha She said they looked old, and I let her know that that is the point. She is more understanding now Dont cut to Ed like that after a big man dunk Miss him He going in tonight Mark I would say Ingles hitting 9-10 from 3 after his sub par season would also be similarly depressing. He is currently shooting 100% 5-5 fg 4-4 3 5-5 from 3 https://twitter.com/nba/status/1211470711161622534?s=21 KP still rocking wired headphones ?? I was waiting for this. Haha ?Any of yall ever get called by yourself? I was too scared to answer What if future me knows something? Wow. That was sad. Blazers blew it. Now tell me what happened with that gaggle of balloons https://www.instagram.com/p/B6vvWOYJWMQ/?igshid=1t5hsk8tt15au Get me this hoodie ASAP Happy new year from Canada homies! May be late to the game here but Stern died We should stop kicking it to them Yeah seriously Why is everyone just standing around? And he was out of bounds anyways Almost called that make Mark Lets just have our defense keep scoring Why are we still kicking it to them? Kick it out of the end zone. Lets just keep running it up the middle. Its worked for us so well this year Our offense is trash. Im more hopeful for our defense to score and win this game. LETS FUCKING GOOO Ahhhh Just give it to Herbert! If the arm aint got it use the legs Tinker Hatfield on the field Just dabbed up Herbert Cristobal is a fucking boss Welp surprise our bench is garb and for some reason the Knicks bench has over half their points I think Dubov did They mine as well have not worn shoes thats for sure Yeah so does Iran bomb us now? I know, just being ridiculous I might just stay in Canada Brock we gonna get a 2019 SuperLiga recap? Okay I know Im about a year late to the game here but Boban cameo in John wick 3 is absolutely amazing. Great things come from Dirty D Nuh uh Another 3rd and 9 Such trash Shoulda put in Mariota. Yeah he just fucked em God fucking dammit What the actual fuck is happening? Holy shit Id supple that teat for sure Oh the internet imploded when they walked in Definite B list game Yall see this? ? GO WILDCATS! Please elaborate on what DASH pass it is Ah nvm i googled Damn that is kind of wild actually That is exactly why I was so confused Holy shit Dubov do you know if it is true that Lizzo is the first female to headline Bonnaroo? I heard its a super young crowd no? Fuck Im so fucked in o/u. Shouldnt have paid so confidently. Holy shit for real? That is surprising to me Yeah this is def good for us Why would anyone want to go to pullman now? Fair FERK FUCK YES Peanut butter for all! Bahahaha https://www.instagram.com/p/B7IERu3pF6u/?igshid=zgooungn4z79 This. Was. Filthy. They both were on GMA and they didnt even tell them they just ran into each other in the green room I fucking love panda Taco Bell my go to drunk food GF actually got it for me last night but I was too shit faced to even eat it It touches so many corners of the pyramid in 1 nicely wrapped vessel I dont know the street names matty I avoid Hollywood at all costs damn. Uh oh Pac-12 refs about to fuck something up Yeah fucking idiots I would assume so He played Sunday Holy fuck Any idea why tickets to the blazers laker game on the 31st are so god damn expensive? Like higher than typical laker tickets? Its in LA I was thinking maybe Carmello Not really any other reason.... Laker fans are such idiots STOP DRIVING UP MY DAMN TICKET PRICES I only get to see my team like 3 times a year you fucks HOLY FUCK PONPONPON Unforch had a change of plans fellas. Im moving next week and its tapping me out financially so I cant make it up for the game. Holy shit, Odell Bahaha the security guard whos ass he slapped is pressing charges Indeed Okay this is fucking great https://www.instagram.com/p/B7ZAyUkBpRB/?igshid=p9s6vzllsa9n Yeah Mammoth is getting POUNDED today Holy shit, hopefully you have some company you can eat later Youll be fine Very tight Hes playing with a huge chip on his shoulder. Reminds me of Dame. Love to see it. Those jerseys are also some of the sickest throw backs Also question. Did Jj make that gimme dunk? Thats puberty returning to remind you of what a time you used to have. Honestly bias but our cream throwbacks make me, well you know, cream. Hawks anything but current jerseys are ight I hate their geometric BS Blazers can honestly do no wrong some are just better than others . https://www.instagram.com/p/B7eFpr3JxqV/?igshid=1djyer1nd0h7t Fucking STAND UP man right here Also GTJ is only 21?! Fuuuuck. What are we doing wrong? Everything I guess. Wait is this for real? Im drunk and confused by this man always being wrong. Ah I get it now. Thanks Same here Chad dont worry Happy birthday Holy fuck thats awesome The line is down to -1.5 Holy shit that was atrocious d Holy shut that looks bomb Whats the over? Wow. Yeah that feels low 