What? Damn. Lol Shea is the man https://twitter.com/gifdsports/status/1081077355815333888?s=12 Man card 2 blazers, 2 rams, 4 ducks football, 2 mariners. College bball whatever Mariners may be transferred to Portland As soon Jesus youre a homo Ducks football 3+ or gtfo You dont care enough about ducks football? Christ do you even duck fan? Fair enough. I love basketball too, going WAY back, but football is just football. Big dog nice https://twitter.com/jga41agher/status/1081361830885249025?s=12 Any of you guys watch crashing on HBO? Its honestly one of my favorites Im a standup junkie too but Pete is the man Yeah hes an alt comic The show talks a lot about that scene especially season 2 Lucas bros make an appearance Yes Dylan Birbiglia definitely Damn https://www.instagram.com/p/BsUL8LGAkUy/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=me2y2clj75ef Young, offensive minded Thats all it takes now Yeah thats just not a thing Sean McVay farted near him 4 years ago, lets hire him! PA Hes the kind of guy who IS southern but isnt No way the NBA takes their first rounder Silver wont do that Theres no way silver will do that Not when Lebron is outwardly tempering Itll be a fine TG FO HUNNID Baby dye back for sophomore year! Jesus Yes LETS GO Sorry guys had to go silent for the game Dude what a man Im sure its gotta do with prostate cancer stuff but also how fucking legendary Too fucking busy to piss A random conference game in fucking January was too important Maybe he forwarded him an email? That could be what he means New John wick trailer ?? We doubt Dana every year. Its ridiculous that he fucking scoffs at us every time we do it WOO Dana is the best coach in the pac 12 Hes also amidst learning how to coach one and dones, which even Coach K struggled with It is a big win. The ducks should be 3-1 right now in the pac in terms of how theyve played. I mean if they win the reg season itll be a lot easier I truly still think they can based off this game. Itll be interesting to see if they can back it up against a good ASU team. I wont bet on my team today but FUCK YOU MARK Youre just in NO Youre being easy swayed Easily* Think for yourself you fucking millennial Wow I just did emotional coke Well this was powderless Fellas Lets embrace this Not yet Sorry boys had to Ropp is great, he also is SO negative normally its hard to read/listen to his Blazer takes Hes just got such an axe to grind, but I havent read this new stuff yet I am sure he makes good points. https://twitter.com/stevemims_rg/status/1087872840420909056?s=12 Baseball! Gundy this was really for you Fuck Sexson Its great dude Yeah damn https://twitter.com/clutchpointsapp/status/1088923239957508096?s=12 This year Chad ?? Walton too Would be NUTS Finally watched the Hulu Fyre doc Insane Surprised Mark didnt pay to go Yes Dylan is absolutely our guy Yeah then get cut And no he isnt fuck off chad Go Rams Thats awesome God you guys have the best stories Didnt Ian get hit by a car? Fuck Im down for that The blazer game Yes Im in feb 5th right? Against Spaces heat? ?? You guys talking about C.J. Anderson? Agreed his value is high #GoRams You could fuck off Lololol Those poor fucking kids Jesus. Rams by a million Right? Im saying it now Stephen A is really credible Eh Gunz Idk dude Thats overstating Yes but BS knows better sources than Stephen A Thats not disputed Lowe doesnt go to Stephen A he goes to Bill with shit For instance Gunz Stephen A has a guy feeding him shit I know that for certain A guy who runs his twitter and social media Guys Im sorry if youre backing Stephen A Im out Hes awful I just hate according to Stephen A Yeah gunz thats fine I just think youre better than that Stephen A is a caricature at this poot Point I agree Bill is not in that lane anymore Gunz if you still think that Im sad Gunz hes just not the guy you use anymore as a credible source Use a knicks beat guy or something He used to, I dont doubt It Ive heard how great he was, tons of stories Stephen A was a G At this point hes cashing checks and yelling on tv Good for him, but he isnt the guy Im looking at for information the same way I dont look to Sean Hannity for news Im a Gunz Stan and youre fucking killing me right now Houman Im almost finished with Michelles book and I have floor seats to see her in PDX Gunz he made his hay in Philly right? Not NY Houman at this point Ill bomb the towers with you Gunz He isnt a NY guy He was a Philly guy And he loves to say crazy shit Lets stop with this Stephen A isnt credible Even if it ends up being right, its the same way Alex Jones is right sometimes Say enough crazy shit, something is gonna be correct Guys. My ducks are up on the #2 team in the pac on the road Further supplanting the idea the ducks are the best team in the pac who cant close a game out The ducks are going to win the auto bid into the tourney. You heard it here first. Because Dana is the best coach in the pac and a top 5 coach nationally and its not a joke. Dubov hes not going to be good when he leaves Itll be really fun to see When everyone goes oh wait he was never that good? Youre stanning for Dray and Stephen A Saw a crazy stat, Goff is the quickest #1 overall qb to get to a super bowl Ducks basketball....weekly reminder we still got a squad. ?? Lol Jesus Gonna be 0-8 at Colorado Dude love that Whats the plan tomorrow? Pre game Ex novo way better choice Spirit sucks Good food too Yup ...... Yo do you even PDX, Mark? Every weekend for Ross dog park Dont fucking question me dog Nah Ross is a great park actually I come for the Measles actually Whoa also all you can eat tacos $14.75 Fuuuck Im in ccoyne7@gmail.com We gonna get some insider scoops at the game tonight, Gunz? Yeah Matty I just did that to a bunch of people good lookin out Jesus that will make me shit to n my seat Shit in my* 5:30 works Mi Desus and Mero? Gunz im gonna bring a hand rolled j Little thc-cbd blend. Nothing too strong just a nice mellow buzz Yeah like 13%/6.5% Dude I just cant do the 25% top level shit and do anything Dont get me wrong I could smoke that and party and do the blazer game but it fucks me up lol Gunz walking to a car 2 go currently Be there in 15 whats the location? NW 5th? Gunz!? Got it Ill be at mi Mero in 7, gonna smoke outside before Space cant come unless he apologized for the crass humor I dont want to see that tonight Hear that* Gunz here Wades swan song Did the chat talk about KDs press conference? Triple B Ridiculous He had a meltdown Because hes tired of the media lol Not like its part of his job or anything Chad I wouldve expected that to be you Oh nice lib cuck chat gross Whoa Its not going to snow Dubov It wont be cold enough we are just going to get pissed on with rain The lows arent cold enough for ice. Believe me I wanted it too Just not happening I gotta admit I called BS earlier last week on all of it I am more pissed tho than anything I wanted snowpocalypse Wow sonic the Hedge hog YOU GUYS FUCK YOUR JOB QUIT AND BE PASSIONATE ITLL WORK OUT #NAME? Listen, there are certain things he preaches I can get behind. But for the most part I can spot the plot holes in what he says better than I can in a Michael bay movie Lol Yeah its just that millennials cant buy anything Gary Yes please Ian I need God dammit Fuck you, Space Cucking me on a Tuesday cool Yes lol Also I love guys like that where you just KNOW they got a sum of money at some point That catapulted them Its never just out of thin air Reports Leavitt out Parting ways Lol thats mean Yes we do weaker ones for sure Wow love the Jam references https://twitter.com/davesouthorn/status/1100466192282570752?s=12 Dude This dude is the fucking man Young, bright Players love him Yessir I knew that Chad, super classic He was so uncoordinated That was a fun interview BS talking about how awful Draymonds next contract will be Its terrifying Yes but regardless thats going to be awful Someone will pay him I saw Casey tweet that Doesnt he know Nurk is with him? For protection https://twitter.com/worldwidewob/status/1100987870293184513?s=12 When do you get to respond thanks my n%%*! ? Oh wow Squad, Im gonna go hit Matts bbq up for lunch around 12:15, anyone want in? Fucking seriously He cant catch thats the best part He averaged 3 catches a game Harry from ASU is better Gunz stop getting fooled Yes stop God dammit The thing with AB is he absolutely isnt doing him You can tell how hard hes trying Its so lame. Whereas someone like Odell is at least genuine in how he presents his style Or it seems that way to me at least Yes Maybe warmed butter but if its in the fridge butter kinda hard Its actually something that really gets me pissed Fuck butter After watching episodes of the shop, I always gotta remind myself I cant say the n word, even in a fun way Lol yes Yes https://twitter.com/barstoolbigcat/status/1102573670013243392?s=12 Dubov! Butter talk! Ugo with a 4.52! I read that Dubov Its really funny Also it was interesting that seems like something that is more done on Twitter, not just a barstool thing. I found it interesting for sure Yes but overall this is an issue in the process and how big sites can get out of it Thats what I see here more than just barstool. This girl is obviously gonna hate barstool I dont like barstool either, I just like PMT But I also dont need to freak out and act like its the devil and theyre all racist and sexist because one or two people there suck I mean I see a lot of the content they put out, most of their people are just young kids getting their toes wet into the media world Yeah totally, Im also guessing this is done by a lot of big organizations This practice seems too obvious to think just barstool does this Yeah totally I mean if she responded no I wonder what would be different It seems like theyd still take the course of action they did lol Miel also seems like she wouldnt like any of us in this group chat or the things we talk about Im gonna be a dick about this but I also hate seeing people complain about something with a massive bias Yeah it definitely is Also you see big cat responding to that? Hes on the thread pretty high up Said hed love to get her side of this and said people need to chill out on her and that its fucked up what Barstool did I think Big Cat is gonna leave in the next few years I dont think it happens that quick, and I also think Big Cat looks more towards the future than PFT does Doing the ARod Corp pod and going on Dan Patrick and things like that, hes looking at other avenues for sure Im with Ian I reroute and get some paper towel to blow my nose then wash my hands Yes Seeing you say that gave me such a sense of confidence going forward Not to wait to shit, thats too scary Theres a comedian or something that talks about that like oh when I shit, its always an emergency I think Louis CK Im actually really bummed he was so weird Oh wow Kylers combine height may have been doctored! Boston also in the east Makes it a bit different That same Pels team is probably a 4 seed in the west this year JUST SAYING Its easier to compare it now Ian but that Pelicans team was playing really well at that time, idk if Philly wouldve beat them in a 7 game series Thats fair Im with you if anything Im too negative on the Zers Anthony Davis was also playing out of his mind, along with Rondo and Jrue Same I mean you fucked me last night with the Zers Gundy So just stop Whats the end of that day? Say* Lol No pac 12 network so I cant do Hulu live tv Lulu* Getting out of a top WR contract is the best thing they did Because paying that to a WR is proven to not be the way to win a SB Yes gunz its guaranteed money Thats negotiable in a trade but in this case the giants are paying it They can extent that out too tho it wont be a terrible cap hit Yeah it wont be a big hit They also got a 1 and 3 which is awesome 247 Sports predicted Ducks over Beavs in the championship lol Would be fucking classic No I know its Wassu, but what Dana has done with this team is absolutely absurd Ducks by 20 currently early in the second half 40-20 Ducks held 3 of last 4 teams to season lows in pts, about to do it again to Wassu Will be 4 of 5 Ducks have to win the tourney unfortauntely, even tho if they go to the ship in the PAC 12 and lose their net ranking may be in the 40s As was the case with RPI, its just a factor, not everything I dont want Houman jumping on the bandwagon now Some of us have been here all year Aka just Rengel and myself That sounds like Fogo de Diarhhea LETS FUCKING GO AT LIMELIGHT MY FUCKING TEAM Can we start a dialogue regarding Dana Altman coach of the year? In the Pac Does the post season count towards the award? Yes Guys. Ducks are tourney bound. Pritchard is a different player right now Dude something is happening The ducks have caught march fever Only cure is a sweet 16 run, followed by another final 4 appearance next year. Calling it. Bol is outside top 20 in some projections More importantly, we need King to come back He was a projected one and done before the year So we are projected like 9-11 right? Ive always preferred gold Lol love the team friendly deal Yes You see the Tarantino trailer Wow humble brag Matty we get it you travel Fucking douche BarTHEEElona He killed a guy for being cute lol Im going in a few weeks actually #ITravel Mark give me a blumpkin Yeah we are already in the bonus and Wisconsin has 11 turnovers Im happy with the trajectory here Dana is a top 5 coach in CBB Ive said it for 3 years and Im sorry try arguing what hes doing This is beyond impressive Yeah looks like my Cinderella slipper has finally fallen off JUMP ON THE BANDWAGON BOYZ I WANT A FUCKING ELITE 8 RUN Honestly Dana Mother Fucking Altman This feels like a big line of blow Mad respect for the anteaters my dad lives right by campus said their kids are nice Lots of Asians EGYPTIAN PHAROAHHHH Christ this is magnificent God dammit Mini run, just gotta stop the bleeding Fellas time to shock the world #BeatVA It would be beneficial for the SuperLiga to find a spot to watch the game that wont be a mad house Something intimate for the JCSL Fuck Mikes super team and fuck all of you https://twitter.com/ed_solomon/status/1110009745904152582?s=12 Great Shandling thread here Christ lol ?Me watching Mark keep going with more Ware Listen mark youre Wareing on me Im trying to eat dinner out of my favorite tupperWARE Nurk will be fine look at Kevin Wa...oh shit sorry Dubov Oh no Did I miss something? Are Ware and Dubov related? Yes please tell me I saw him getting butt hurt so I just stoked the flame Yes exactly the Kevin ware references set him off I feel like its my fault too but Im not great at calling out when im in the wrong so Im going to keep playing dumb Yes I think hes done as a blazer Fellas, I got the same groin injury as Lebron. In the shelf for a month or two. The doc said it took Lebron 6 weeks, so for you.... On* What a start to my Wednesday Howd I know what? Also yeah that fucker roasted me good he was younger too Im shook rn Its funny Im married so I never have sex either Thons for the game? I may just do joes cellar SCOOOO WORLD SERIES HERE WE COME Fellas My god give me a break Cox just told me I had no idea that was a person Matty I got a question for you Who is bigger Tiffany haddish or that rapper? AGREED DUBOV My god fuck those people Potbelly fucks Oh damn never had breakfast Their hot peppers are ?? Make a regular turkey sandwich a work of art Also, good chip selection They dont fuck with lays they do a different chip company Yes Very funny Are crypto and nipsey riots correlated? Tell your friend he bet on the wrong horse Is he still getting a paycheck? I got into Enron at the end so I get it. I havent Im valuable to all the companies Im at Mark what did we upset Dubov with last time he left the chat? Or Dubov tell me I cant remember It wasnt Nurk right? Mark got ME involved I didnt start it I followed Marks lead Oh okay yeah we made Kevin Ware jokes Trigger me timbers Maybe XFL if they do it right Thats crazy awesome About Russ Ill be there at the draft in Nashville Late 5 early 6 Just happy to be drafted I dont think he does Fellas we just bought a house! The superliga has a whole backyard to roam free. Some of you can even be inside. We are a block off NE 82nd, Ill also be considering being a Latin King. Or an Asian gang member Possibly the yakuza Gunz Im right near the don pedro Then you drive up a couple blocks and hit the burgerville And not far is that taco stand at the Asian supermarket you took me to Its less than a mile from that Im so in on that Gunz its a 4 minute walk. To Utopia It has an appeal for sure Not the top of our list for location, but itll totally do. My standards are not high for a good time I love it Thats literally all Ive had this weekend since Nicole has been gone. Its a staple diet ?? Damn Didnt lebron act like he didnt know griffins name tho? Yo Pax Era is ?? Thats the vape I have its great. I use Oregrown pods out of bend tho, that organic shit The better curry Did Meyers actually do anything tonight? Im having a hard time figuring that out Yes Im more asking because Cox is trying to say he gave quality minutes tonight and I laughed I watched him fuck up like 8 times tonight Gunz no he fucking didnt Dont spread that shit youre worse than trump right now Jesus get outta here He got a garbage time three Jesus energy is the bar now? Its the playoffs Id hope so Lol Gunz youve got influence on twitter you gotta be more responsible Yeah guns you couldve been out there during that time too Correlation does not mean causation, Terry is messing with you! I mean you cant tell me you watched that game and didnt see Meyers fuck up 5 times when he was in there. He was a breathing human who was on the court. Thats what he did today for the Zers. Thats the closest thing to a compliment I have. Wow space crazy you have 3 eyes Worse situation Lakers or Knicks rn? Yeah I think its crazy to think that even like a month ago but I agree also Pretty nuts I really dont know if thats the case I think the Lakers are more the reason than LeBron Jeannie really seems to not know what shes doing Laker fans are morons So I never cared what they thought Jeannie is the problem here. Hiring magic was a huge error. We now see that, which directly correlates to Jeannie. It falls on her. Lol yes Who is Greg the egg? Yeah it actually is I hate waiting Yeah I have a work car so I gotta tell my driver ID AND my odometer its ridiculous Yeah gotta be honest Ill
Still eat Jimmy Johns we dont know if this animal was hunted in a bad way. Lots of these kind of things are done because one elephant is killing the others as they age and shit Also Im gonna tell myself that so I can get a quick sub That mayo is a PROBLEM Was that Terrys timeout or CJ? Yeah okay I just didnt know if I saw it wrong lol Gunz confusing me Between the Allah tweet and that my head was spinning Thats all I needed to hear Gunz! Lets fucking go! Fuck Westbrook how about the thunder dont talk shit God that pissed me off I hope Dame gets right in Schroders face https://twitter.com/danegado/status/1120164332422057985?s=12 https://twitter.com/andrewnemec/status/1120186084627894272?s=12 Nemec, too fucking far. Jameis scored high CASE CLOSED As someone who plays pickup regularly, dont play any d and take a ton of shots and just tell everyone Im a volume scorer Dee Ford wouldnt fit in their 4-3 scheme they switched to Hence why they wanted a guy like Clark instead ...... Breakside doing 50% off beers today and tomorrow in celebration of Dames 50 burger Im working on it Ive got a chest cold but Im pushing through for Dame Anything for my guy 0 You talking about the draft? I mean Im an hour out from Nashville you cocksucker... Lol Im there for a bach tho and the draft is secondary I will be attending the first round tho so still fuck you Get me into a NIKE event tonight to make up for it Idk I want them to trade back into the second or third and get more pass rushers Oh cuz youre a lib cuck? Wait pay? The draft is free in Nashville lol My first time Im excited Gonna see brother Neel this weekend Bar? Restaurant? Thats the dry rub spot right? Perfect Wow nice humble brag You work hard! Cool! Yes I will make sure Ive got a good list going Okay yeah I think the plan is more of a dinner type thing Yeah best 4-3 end on the board No trade offers Wow Eli 2.0 Wow Nashville really lets your past discretions falls to the wayside It just doesnt seem to matter how you are as a person as long as youre here to have a good time Even if youre like jersey trash Or Portland hip scum like myself This place is the right amount of disgusting Like the exact amount before Im not comfortable 9 Guys Im barely making it out of Nashville This god forsaken place almost got me for goodness Good* BNA was terrifying Im sweaty palms level hung over Damn sad news Also four brothers and 2 fast 2 furious Yes I did Both of those are super classic bad movies Also idk how many marvel folks I have in here but Endgame was 10x better than that thrones episode I didnt leave you any beer, no Endgame is way better thrones is good, but that episode was kinda lame. Black water and Bastards were way better I saw Endgame and that thrones ep basically back to back also Oh fuck thats awesome Carls fucks Who is Kurt Goldberry? I know a Kirk Goldsberry. Did we sign Crabbe to a 75 m deal? Or did Brooklyn match or something? Im mid flight arguing with someone Okay but didnt he end up in Brooklyn? So he signed a deal after that? Thats right Im arguing with someone right now in favor of Neil, which is bad, but I feel like he still deserves SOME credit for where this team is Im curious I know we hate him in this chat And if no one feels that way, does any GM deserve credit in the NBA when their team is successful? Okay but Im not bringing up now as much Sounds like Dan is gonna be okay thank god I bring edibles all the time Great form Im in downtown Vegas and its filthy ? My in laws are from Vegas Fremont is the only way to go Als offensive game makes me want to vomit YES God 14 year old me wants to
Masturbate just from this text Go rams YG is my guy Ill give it a listen for support as a fellow rams fan Okay Im lame but Im Apple Music Does Spotify do family share? Also essentials albums? I like those Sell me guys I almost exclusively listen to pods Dont gotta Shazam that I dont listen to music radio I seek out new albums and stuff Id love for chad to rear end me Ill listen to Alex Jones on Joe for sure But thats the extend of my Alex Jones consumption Ian loves sonic youths first album Hahahah Space if a band becomes popular are you automatically out on them? I know youre not lol Ive heard from Dylan and Gundy before youve got a vast music knowledge I need to get on your Spotify and enlighten myself. If not Ill just be hanging with Dubov listening to country music Yes right Tight^ ET this playoffs has just been bad Overall Really? God thats misleading Him and Al are just glaringly bad from what Ive seen maybe its recently Bahaha God fuck the nuggets Dude I had a die hard Denver guy flat out tell me the Nugs are #4 in town behind the Broncos, Avs and Rockies Pathetic they dont even deserve to move on Thats crazy I guess for me its always weird to see hockey be something people care about Well chicks dig it thats for sur Totally I know that but its just weird for me to see over NBA I love Hockey thats the best live sport Ive been to a blues game and multiple knights games I want it too Gotta be honest I need king James back on top ?GET EM JOHNNIE!! At least Al didnt shoot Christ Jokic Quite the start! My god Aminu fucking sucks He is a massive liability Yes Cant buy a bucket This, folks, is how you lose by 25 ?Rally beer time Ill take 9 for sure plus got Wingstop coming soon for more good luck ZC doesnt understand how to play D My god FOH Stop Dont do this in such a happy time Neither did Layman then. Based on that. So give him some credit too! Gunz youre still trying to defend your Meyers take from 4 years ago Please just stop and well forget you ever said he was going to be good Eh Mark thats not even close They are $150 in Oracle from what I heard I didnt check Easy Jake is way better looking than that guy God I was just gonna say That fucking triangle Nope The warriors I mean theyre up 7 with curry on the bench And we cant stop turning the ball over Aminu cannot shoot threes right now If we are having that we are done Yeah lets not act like weve let it be small Theyre playing like shit lol The warriors should be up more Theyre also missing open threes Klay is especially This is just so fucking lame how theyre playing Lol Jesus Yes we can My god lets go This d is atrocious Thanks my man! Montavilla neighborhood Over off 82nd NE Lol yes gunz Thats pretty fucking lame What did he expect against this team? https://twitter.com/oregonian/status/1130021839999082498?s=12 This helps. But if youre the O maybe fucking dont run that headline then.... Kinda cowardly to retract like that either run it or dont Yeah exactly Shut up Dont fucking talk right now My god I mean it was gonna be Warriors in 5 at the very best for us if you thought different youre a very positive fan And not necessarily realistic The ringer also being dicks I like that everyone is so negative this is what is great about this team is that theyll continue proving people wrong. Theyll be in the hunt next year and who knows what happens when the deadline comes around We just gotta be competitive into the deadline Right? Its crazy also the last two rounds for us dame and cj didnt play well in the same game really In terms of scoring It was one or the other Yes And Dame struggled I hate saying that word its not the right thing Yes Oh wow I actually like that conspiracy Chad Fuck your mothers, both of you Where at Dubov? Thats so awesome He played it up for Nashville Hes my #1 Dual Threat Pod had a big thing on Pac 12 football and Larry Scott today. Russillo went in on him its worth a listen! So FLY Dude some of that stuff talking about his own injuries is cringeworthy Russillo even calls him out regularly and knows its bad podding Oh yeah dude. For our demo/friend group hes easily the most connected to us. My buddy lives near him and cowherd in Manhattan beach and has seen both of them multiple times and said if youre normal hes super nice Just normal bro Jesus Rengel fuck off Are you saying compared to the original fast and the furious? As single standalone movies? I need some clarification here Bill Simmons also said he is And he said Antwan Jamison is also He said it more as a critique of the basketball Hall of fames standards tho His reasoning for Jamison was 20k pts or something. I cant remember the accolade exactly NO First off it wont be as good, and Ive watched the show and Im rewatching before watching the movie because I want it to be even better NO WATCH THE MOVIE IT ALL MAKES NO SENSE Chat Any of you watched I think you should leave yet? https://twitter.com/cwilliamson44/status/1136479816977473536?s=12 Snort that https://twitter.com/thetrillac/status/1138285498869395460?s=12 Cute I remember my first tip Idk about you guys but my take is that NO came out pretty good here. Also Lakers got what they needed for LeBron. Just my take no one elses tho. Wow Gunz, Ropp calling on you on 1080 Regarding the Kevin Love comments Rough night for the Ducks lol D league for King and Wooten? Thats not awkward thats completely natural. Shame on you, Matty. Chad said the n word on accident thats my guess More like as if he was quoting a song tho not like trump style Wow Matty I cant see you up on your fucking throne Chad thats brutal Also since when did we shame sharts? Im kind of saddened the chat is acting this way That guy is an enemy for life Fuck that new guy my god Shart? I mean down there its so swampy its impossible to know if you did or not God dammit That was great The Chicago freeze The trouser slushy SI more SHIT Is this just based on the idea that Steph has a better team? I dont understand the argument Chad these are very comparable lol Sorry in advance if Im acting like the new guy at your work Oh yeah thats just Stephs name Obviously, hes on the warriors Yeah good question Does the book talk about all this? Im not buying it either! Also Im not buying the book either! Damn Jesus. Simmons now trying to act like Kemba is better than Dame or Kyrie. He can be so annoying lol. Now that Kemba May be a Celtic. He just does these obvious things sometimes with the Celtics It just pissed me off because he threw Dames name in it Firstly, Simmons doesnt gargle KD really anymore, he seems to have burned that bridge. Second, the Celts really seems like it was about pushing to give Heyward minutes, Kyrie wanting the ball and overshadowing Tatum/Brown, and the fact that Tatum just didnt progress for whatever reason GUYS Russillo just said a guy who is always right said Simons has a chance to be insanely special Theyre saying if they make a trade they could be a title contender Idk if its Neil that Russillo is mentioning tho I dont think hed say it if it was Neil just because obviously Neil feels that way Yeah Im stoked. Theyre basically saying we have a bunch of assets and who knows who is available Fellas, any good stores to pick up a cornhole set? Online ordering taking too long need it by the 4th Did the Warriors tell Iggy fuck you by sending him to Memphis? Lol https://www.instagram.com/tv/BzWmyMaho_-/?igshid=1vrgsz34irmlx CHAMPIONSHIP HERE WE COME Everyone including Nurk lol Jesus Jimmy gonna be so mean to Meyers Love it Wow babies https://twitter.com/ryan_kartje/status/1147386531885154305?s=12 That would be SUCH a timberwolves move Jesus Russ will not win a title anywhere The thunder had to realize this the hard way This will be an insane move when Presti pulls it off Because they were going to be stuck with that style of play until Russ retired I think Russ could keep the Lakers or clippers from winning Without even trying. Just because of the player he is. Yes lol they will bully Meyers so bad Im all for it Lol gunz I was thinking Rockets also Darrel just throwing a massive Hail Mary Yeah I could see that just because Russ is similar to harden Two of that type of guy just wildly chucking the ball up as many times as humanly possible while everyone watches lol Rec league wet dream Yeah totally I actually like Philly more now than last year If Simmons cant shoot tho then it just doesnt matter lol God this fucking chat has forced me to just ingest basketball year round I mean I think its more similar than ever Where theres a few tiers When normally its cut and dry theres 2-3 teams that have a true shot and no one else NFL has the variable though of anyone can make playoffs/go deep and anyone can suck randomly Yes I think you can still make better judgements with less players In the NBA There are less shocking good and bad team It literally is just because of 22 men vs 5 on the playing field/court at all times. Same thing with baseball. Too many factors. Leads to more variability but also the NBA hasnt been quite this open in a long time. https://twitter.com/worldwidewob/status/1148354769167060992?s=12 Perez always with the best shit Yes God hes such a fucking douche HIS FAMILY GAVE HIM THE MONEY THAT HE USED TO START PORTLAND GEAR AND GET IT OFF THE GROUND HES WORKED SO HARD GUYS Did I ever tell you guys how he told me he goes to a therapist because he hates conformity and his brand has created that? He said he hates conformity and I just went but isnt that sort of what everyone wearing a P hat is doing? And he responded yeah I have to go to therapy over it. This was on the taylors deck like a year ago. The convo started because everyone was wearing one of the yellow charity jerseys Ball is life Dude outsiders are lame Simmons did this too Blazers fans watched this team and saw the weaknesses and they fixed those to an extent. I dont think people see that Brock I dont disagree but its more of what these players mean for this team that went to a WCF without its 2nd-3rd best player Youve now got a stop gap with Whiteside until Nurk returns, and are set up to dump him for a good player at the deadline, and youre a better shooting team which is what killed us in the playoffs I dont care if other teams wanted these guys, this is what this team needed. Most teams dont want two guards who do virtually the same thing, but it seems to work in Portland so does it really matter? I mean this team is better than It was last year, when they made the WCF Ill admit more than anyone this chat likes to get over zealous about the Zers and Im usually more negative, by these were great moves for what this team needed, and theyre now set up to get a bigger fish at the deadline Also as great as the LA teams look on paper, Kawhi, AD and PG all have massive injury concerns. What grade do the Sonics get? Dude happened to me in school its no biggie YOURE NOT MY BOSS NEIL OLSHEY Damn I kept thinking the girl at the ice cream shop spoke like Uma Thurman, then I realized its her and Ethan Hawked daughter Hawkes Forgot she got this role I heard about this a while ago. You guys havent seen all of these? Deep blue sea ultimate classic, weird science probably gets most of you Also if you havent seen the drop I recommend One of gandolfinis last movies I pre ordered this also like 8 months ago lol Im a movie nerd. Its actually beyond uncool. Thats also just first two chapters Tom hardy and Gandolfini Dylan Its dope He uses scenarios as the baseline of the chapter and talks about characters from these movies within the structure of the scenario. Who would be the best character to be your wingman at the bar? Then hell mention characters from these movies. Its a fun read. God damn stranger things 3 was so awesome Omg can I make a leg joke? ? Idk I actually wanna throw up now Russ to heat whoa Rockets I mean lol Yeah damn Presti is the man Not yet I think we are starting Chernobyl tonight Late on that too https://twitter.com/golfdigest/status/1151118398572683265?s=12 Gunz are we killing Holdahl? Am I reading this wrong? I mean get off your high horse cocksucker Jesus He can straight go fuck himself maybe show him how you have all your hair And your pubes as well Im not here for this bs CHAT ITS TIME TO GO TO WORK HOLDAHL IS PUBLIC ENEMY #1 Meyers step aside Okay also you are teetering on incorrect in your LeBronwire article but you arent coming from the top rope or anything its LeBron and AD My god thats fucking even more reason to fucking shit on him Im so angry right now I like need to go work out Or do something maybe masturbate just blow off steam No Gundy is being nice Holdahl was a dick when Gundy posted an article saying this was LeBron best team (not even Gunz quote) and Holdahl responded never citing lebronwire again What does Hop call him? Yes lol Mahershala as Blade ?? Win some you booze some All or Nothing > Hard Knocks Ive felt that way for a year or two and this year its just a no brainer If yall havent checked them out do it Okay fuck off Oh Pau! Wooooow Mark thats disgusting bro Is Pau good? Still Gunz whoa You been drinking ? Arent they similarly eh? Fuck I didnt realize he was 5 years younger Also he had Thibs minutes tho! Thats worth at least 3 extra years So hes only 2 younger Ah damn good math Lol I love it Wow How are they? Thats classic are you in NY? Wow thats a scary crew I would walk the other way Not yet You guys watched the Boys yet? Fucking awesome Yes Oh cool mark didnt know it was a race I did it in two you fucking pussy Matt wtf you dont have amazon? Are you a fucking caveman? Jesus forgot you whippersnappers all cheat your way to your tv and movie stuff Im not savvy enough to do all that stuff YouTube tv no pac 12 Cant watch duck games cant do it I use sling, hbo from my parents, showtime via amazon, Hulu and Netflix And amazon But Ive got a prime membership like normal people Matt youre freaking me out how do you buy stuff? This is great its how the warriors end In 2 years Draymond will be one of the worst contracts in the league At least you can buy stuff via amazon prime unlike Matt Im still baffled two days later from that Matt weve known each other for a while like honestly do you not buy anything? Like chat, does everyone else have amazon prime? Matt you are more savvy than I am you probably buy things on Reddit I dont know how but I just would imagine you do Maybe its single guys that dgag Dgaf* Not at all Id love to be single for a couple weeks I envy your freedom Im at my wifes company picnic right now, which I had to set up for and have to take everything down for, and I get nothing for doing it. Id give my right nut to be on the golf course right now. Dude dont give me that shit Thats nothing This is my entire Saturday WHICH IS SUPPOSED TO BE FOR THE BOYS Fucking A Simmons was talking politics and said theyre (the Republican Party) grooming Jr. to run. I cant imagine thats true. No shit I really havent been following politics and I didnt know if thats real or just Bill being a dipshit God that Meyers story is pathetic What a baby food soft bitch Gunz I cant believe you supported him so long My god Maybe they have and thats pretty fucking good Why is that even a question as if its not good enough? Lol Crazy being the second best backcourt duo in the NBA First probably without Klay around No @ing needed thats just a fact. Damn no it doesnt This guy is on I think you should leave I think he is at least Ive watched it through like 20 times. YOURE NOT PART OF THE TURBO TEAM. WALK. SLOWLY. Is that Sudeikis or me? Guys dress me my wife says I dress like a fucking old white trump supporting dad of 3 I need help ? Damn Dylan missed my 4 iron stinger Wow that about as fat as I can look Dude that scared the balls out of me This ducks team is stacked Wow I dont think hes ranking them tho Lol some of them are and some of them arent in alphabetical wtf AIDS made his Brian screamed I mean godfather as 1 isnt alphabetical lol Scrambled* Lol green book is on there Nah the bucks are in the NBA Hes coaching the Bucs, and yes he retired because he also had major health issues I also think he has a place in Florida, wife likes it there, etc. it was a good fit for him Nah pittsburgg Pittsburgh* It says Jersey online, but I know hes a PA guy Not Pitt necessarily but Pennsylvania from what he said on pardon my take Also its kinda obvious old dude bad health boom Florida Lol you want that narrative so bad I could see Jameis being done after the year Totally Like that was a dumpster fire Florio said Florida was a big thing for him I thought he said he had a place in Tampa Ehhh idk Florida is gross except Miami Ive been to Boca, Orlando and Jupiter Ive heard that I kinda wanna go when I visit my parents Also Orlando is just really big its whatever I routinely tell people things regarding the NBA and use my sources are saying when Im just referring to the JCSL Wait Im out on this what is feb 9th Oh yes thats right Or rip city row Thats pretty affordable I have another stat Last year, no early round QB finished the year in his same draft position Rodgers, Watson, Brees, etc. Rarely do you actually get a QB1 or QB2 who finishes the year there, and last year, as with most years, drafting a qb late ended up paying off, ie Mahomes being the biggest example Rodgers QB1 finished QB9, that is how you suck in your league I mean 2QB has its place Its not traditional, but its not bad Yeah thats a bit radical for me A bit too hokey Kickers are not necessarily random Its about the offense theyre on Its also about their weather conditions they play in Yeah hes still K1 in a lot of cases Regardless I am fine with kickers, that is not nearly the same as IDP lol Lol no its not Especially if IDPs get pts for TDs, that is the biggest random BS you could have Also Brock, you realize tackles are barely an accurate stat? I am saying at least making a kick is a thing Also if an offense plays a good defense, thats usually a better day for kicker In a dome, even better There are things you can project a bit more 1 of 11 guys on a defense, thats fucking random Brock, the Seahawks fan, hates kickers GO FIGURE You also believe in Jesus and the burning bush and child molestation like your QB? IDP is also random Also again, tackles are not a stat you should give pts for because you cant record it accurately Thats the lions share of the pts for an IDP Lol Jesus guys You guys do 2 QB, no kicker, rotisserie leagues? See that is also a huge part of the strategy when you have head to head Fantasy is a week to week game Just because you have a guy at the end of the year who had a bunch of pts if he gets it in 60% of his games, then the other 40% lays an egg he doesnt help you There are scoring share stats that show a players true value and its a much better indicator Scoring % or something I cant remember the stat, but fantasy footballers talks about it all the time Yeah I get what Brock is saying Im in two fantasy baseball leagues I know what rotisserie is Or top 6 wins whatever you wanna call it Again there is strategy involved either aw y Way* Boom or bust guys dont really give you the same type of value that someone who is more consistent will Lol DeSean Jackson for instance, terrible throughout his career as a head to head fantasy player Totally Matty thats true I also dont really go that route Matty, I just play the best guys lol RB vs QB makes a lot of sense If you believe theyll take TDs Bahahaha Also both of my main leagues are auction now And .5 pt ppr You can mock it, but more important just know your values The real strategy is driving prices so others pay more, but Year 1 it wont be as easy for everyone to do it Jesus Brock no one cares about your 8 man league with your buddies No kicker, 2 qb, rotisserie style, 4 flex league*** IDP ? Drumsticks, brats, America Goodman had gastric bypass Thatll be weird for sure Just got our Airbnb for UW game Also got USC tix too Gonna go to more road games than home this year The answer is no one Ill admit tho doing early games would change that Youre right Brock Its more the vanity of it Larry is all about that I dont know also how much this matters but young recruits on the east coast getting to see games would also be nice Guys from the SE who may have never seen a Pac 12 game or barely sees them in comparison to their daily SEC stuff He sucks Ive said this for three years now Jimmy G is not good and the people who think he is have not watched him This isnt about that The win streak he had btw, 7 tds 4 ints against bad teams He just isnt good lol I mean certain people in this chat dont have fucking amazon prime so a bike is no big deal https://twitter.com/blazerwheels/status/1164207521076088832?s=12 Wheels just cranking out to all the entourage chicks Stephen A on bs today Cant wait Oh fuck hes doing crazy Stephen A? I figured hed tone it down Yes only 25? Fuck I hate this part of our culture Im still going to all these places. Totally I just mean in general its been on my mind Like we gotta fucking get over it. Eat your McDonalds Houman thats such a trash take that burger is also WAY too expensive The small cheeseburgers are the bomb tho. Good simple burger. Im such an in n out homer Also superdeluxe is my favorite right now Hands down Fries are great and their house made dipping sauces are killer I like lunch more than break, but break is also unfair Thats the one thing I havent had but I always get nuggets and those are fire Yeah cold cheese is odd Wow Yes it is just finished Ive got one Im in thats lit If anyone wants to join the one Im in, its $40 buy in, pick 12 games against the spread, winner wins $60 for winning a week Make your money back after one win $40 gets you the whole year http://www.officefootballpool.com/pools.cfm?poolid=129404&p=2&pwd=37y%40ph

Go to the POOLS>Join a Pool Page and then have them enter the Pool ID number and Entry Code.
Pool ID Number: 129404
Pool Entry Code: 37y@ph
After you have successfully reactivated your account, go to this link to pay $40. Please use the same email address you put into officefootballpool.com.

https://paypal.me/RAyalaPool I joined this a while back its lit Thats so mean Lol what year was this? Chad..... I think so Just saw that Dubov. Picked up the in laws. Wow Tyler Skaggs ODd on drugs and alcohol Brooooo Oh damn Fentanyl and Oxy Or our old ducks lol Hes also a top recruit this is a tough one to start Hell be fine Just not today Those dumb mistakes need to be gone He cant make those mistakes He pulled that away too early and tried continuing the play before the back had crossed that was on him We also cant sack Nix He just cant throw Lol right as I say it Hes elusive for sure but they cant throw the ball First sack since junior year of high school Lol oh my god thats great Lol that loss is on Herbert He had a first down Dont blame that Herberts fumble ended up costing us We were going to score there The view In the stadium was wrong It was obvious Rengel That fumble was just a dumb error Ill say Herbert does shit like that and it kills me Yeah that was the killer Wow says the brown guy Fuck you Gunz Dont put it on Lets go Minshew That wasnt Royce Abram hit his own guy lol The psycho from hard knocks Hes such a fucking douche The worst part of hard knocks Ill be there Dude Ive already been on that grind Chad. Its interesting to get an idea because the ride back home is always the toughest to remember. Caught myself out front on the porch one night smoking a j and had headphones in, turns out I was listening to Michelle Obama on audiobook. I cant really explain what that mean for me personally, so dont even ask. Means* Packers havent played a real offense, Kyler looks solid, the Niners and Hawks are pretenders at 2-0, and the Rams are a fucking wagon. Cool, howd you do in the super bowl last year? Oh fuck thats right NFC West also looks great with three 2-0 teams AFC North and NFC South look way worse than everyone thought Im in Maui Rengel but Ill watch with you in spirit Lol Anyone going to Seattle for UW-Oregon? Dubov how much and how many you get? I know someone who may need two Okay did you have just one? That is yours AB making me an enemy dont go after my guy You dont wanna make me an enemy!! I mean yeah also hes an asshole 59 great height Should be 1 Not too intimidating, yet not bagel boss guy Nah 64 is too big Youre tall guy at that point Matty you may not even be 63 ?? Whats wrong with being short? Jesus you guys all are adding inches or you mother fuckers need to stop slouching If Brock is 63 Russ Wilson isnt a pedophile I also dont lie Im legit 59 maybe a bit taller but I aint no bitch I round down! Me for sure Im taller than PFT, Baker and Kyler Those guys all totally have the short guy complex. Yes those arent the girls you marry Chad you looking for love or lust? Idk but as a homeowner I can relate Ive had three Home Depot injuries Wow idk I actually think Gary Johnson and Gundy are somehow linked from some inter dimensional schism in time Hes future Gundy but came back to this time Idk, I just see him and hear him talk and think its politician Gunz minus the revolucion talk I mean he probably will be Thats not that crazy Russ is really fucking good, and I hate him and the Hawks If you havent heard Russ is elite Rengel its because this chat talks basketball too much Hes definitely Elite Also the NFL stats stuff for QBs is very jaded. Stafford has a billion yards but is he a HOFer? Conduct isnt something thats considered Yeah thats just not involved Russ wins, has a ring, and puts up stats and carries that team Russ stats are good enough Hes also insanely efficient If he decided to retire right now sure its more of a conversation Its just recently became a thing for TO, who else tho? Russ is probably top 4 qb right now Outside of the big 3 Brady, Rodgers and Manning Stafford and Flacco are not hall of gamers Famers* Matt Ryan is on track yes A Marino esque deal Rivers is the same Russel is better than Ryan Sounds like she also has some very high hall of fame standards Shawwwtayyyy FUCK THE HAWKS GO RAMS Itll be interesting to see how the HOF decides on the old class of QBs Eli, Stafford, Rivers especially Eli is definitely in Ben and Rivers too All time sucks QB rankings:

1. Marcus
2. Joey 
3. Kellen Clemens
4. Darron Thomas
5. Dennis Dixon (personally I like Dixon above DT)
6. Masoli (won bigger games than Herbert)
7. Herbert
8-9 Akili and Fouts, probably even more guys here. Graziani too. Guys Im here to tell you Herbert is just okay. Im tired of trying to sit here silently while he garners tons of love Ive been feeling this way since last year I just stayed quiet I didnt wanna seem like an ass but can we just come to terms with it now? Im more excited for Shough next year than I am for the rest of Herbert this year. I think weve got a great team, so so receivers, a so so QB and bad RBs. No our rbs look like they belong at western Oregon Trent Richardson belonged in college as one of the best to do it honestly. These guys we have just are not D1 RBs physically Chad thats a bad call Luck is more talented than most of the qbs in the nfl. Similar to Calvin Johnson for WRs. Cut too short ?Same plus go Zers Ian you are correct I just drank $10 worth of Rainier on tap Oh god Tell him what big fans your group chat is Ohem VEEEEE Tell him I patented that saying He can buy it from me for $5 mill Wait, these shoes cost money? You know what? You dont need money follow your PASSION these shoes are my passion so these are just free Oh hi Mahhhk He didnt actually It missed his face, he was being a drama queen. Wrist prolly fucked tho. Its October that was some baby food shit Dubov! Yikes thats rough What a piss missile too Lol yes For what? Is he doing standup now? I have negative desire to see him lll Lol Jesus I cant hard pass on that quick enough lol I bet I watch more standup than you and had no fucking idea Pete Davidson even tries to do it Figured he was like a Kardashian at this point Nikki Glaser coming to Portland soon save your money for that Lolol I think Id get in trouble at a Tig Notaro show Frankly I dont think Dubov would do well either. Me too I love Bill. Glaser is great shes more like Schumer ?When you been married 2 months, but that booty too big. Sounds sketch but Im watching Beavs Guys I gotta be honest, Matt Cox came up with he caption last night. We were dicked and I was the photographer but he came up with the caption. I cant lie to you guys its been making me feel sick. Im sorry for misleading all of you it wont happen again. I feel like its easier to lie to my wife than it is to lie to you guys. I mean his stats arent great so far, hes been a glorified game manager He doesnt throw down the field at all Joey didnt either Gunz He had Charles Rodgers Who was good for one year And the worst o line in the league behind the Texans And a bad defense Joey really only was given a chance to be the guy in Detroit Miami didnt really want him Joey was bad everywhere he went and was ruined before that in Detroit Coupled with the fact he just wasnt a good nfl qb Hes still my childhood idol He goes to the same barber as I do and I still get a little star struck when I see him. Matt Ryan is Better than Herbert will ever be lol I mean the Falcons just arent going to take a QB Theyve got 5 more years of Ryan They need to keep building around him Can you Not be selfish and give any details about the finale!? Ill be there Yummy Wait which boys will be there? Dang son we are doing airBnB right by campus. You getting in Friday? The hair in that pic makes it more than usual Lol McCaffrey can do it all! Be black? I mean hes a RB so he cant win that by default Shauniqua He was a huge bitch 2012 the nfl was so different lol The precedent has not been set Most RBs dont even get 20 carries a game anymore its too hard for a back now QB is going to be the position from now on Barring a massive irregularity A RB is just not winning Its probably going to be DeShaun or Russ If Gurley couldnt get it a couple years ago its just not happening He went bananas passing and rushing and the team was really good He also was the only guy in the backfield. Still didnt stand a chance I think he finished third? I mean is it? 2012 nfl is not nearly the same as it is now Both QB play and offenses in general Lol I already watched! Dubov did it fucking 20 minutes after the ep Regardless of what it was, thats taboo Dont love the red Red is too much sometimes Plus gang affiliation Wait am I in this league? Are we all actually paying this time? I got AD Autodraft! Shooter sent that to me Matty A couple days ago its great I heard that guys who are like 69 are really 7 footers with shoes on Like that was the delineation Simmons was talking about Tatum that way like he measured in over 68 so hes like 611 basically and grew DUCKS Doobie (workshopping that nickname) where ya tailgating today? Crazy Herbert still basically the 8th best Oregon qb ever I cant stand watching him week after week. Guys you can actually blame Herbert For multiple poor throws Lets stop getting upset with anyone else and lets blame the guy who deserves it. I mean all year too Hes just happy to be a ducks qb Whoa clips so low! I mean youre also expecting a healthy clippers team which may be totally off We dont even know when PG is back, and reg season Kawhi gonna chill Lol east guys Easy Thrones wasnt going to succeed the way you want on that timeline No one can write that how you want and make it work Those guys did an amazing job. Also if you havent read City of Thieves, check that out. Its a dope ass book Benioff wrote. Brock I also think your expectations are just too high Its never going to be exactly what you want post novels I also think you put that original story in someone elses hands and that part couldve been more fucked up. Theres two sides to this and what those two did was amazing. Of course it sucks they rushed the end, but thats because tv shows just shouldnt last past like 5 seasons. Actors and show runners get tired of doing the same shit. Lol okay there Ebert Thats quite the take Sounds like you really cared about the books too and Im a bit less biased on this. Im a like not love in terms of Thrones overall, and I see the fact that no matter what they were not going to please everyone. They just didnt have enough time to do it right. Yes they wanted to be done Therefore they didnt have enough time Event the actors wanted to be done No one wanted to keep making it lol Brock so you just were unhappy with the way it got there the outcomes? I can agree the way it got there. It was rushed. Like they just didnt want to world build through another 4 seasons They wanted to do 15 eps no matter how it ended you and the big time thrones fans were going to bitch. Thats the best part here lol Totally agree with the motivation, again its because they said fuck it we are doing 15 eps The writing was bad because they had to Its not like the writing was bad because they all forgot how to do it lol Thats why I am not hating on the writing team or Benioff and Weiss It sucks but I remember hearing after season 6 everyone was tired of doing the show Actors, show runners, probably everyone except the writers lol They all were ready to move on too. The main ones at least who had options aged After lol I dont need to see Gemini man. Will hasnt picked a good movie for a while That also didnt look good And its not just Benioff on that script, there are 5 people which is a major red flag for a film Thats classic Not yet but Im v excited Lindelof the goat Its gonna be very woke Theres some good YouTube videos I recommend watching as well to set you into the world Lindelof is creating Dubov yeah hes actually just placing it in the world of watchmen but its completely on its own storyline Its not meant to be a reboot or sequel or anything Yeah Watchmen is dope. I actually dont hate the movie but it wasnt going to be a mainstream success It was awesome Dude this is rough lol people are killing Portland Lol The comments on the original video were also all about how white it was Im white so I dont want to give any opinion on this No matter what Im wrong Like I want to say is there really that many people of color/women qualified for these roles that applied for them in Portland, a very white city as is? But I wont say that Ill just say the blazers love white men Idk, seems like a massive cancel culture incident again. Heart is in the right place for it but god the execution of it just is mean as fuck lol https://twitter.com/TheDJRello/status/1186295638834798593 Am I fucking crazy for thinking Hood, Baze and Hezonja will be better than Chief, Mo, and ET? Like we watched them all year and theyre fun in the regular season but once playoff comes around those three guys became irrelevant. Im just tired of scrolling through fucking Twitter and seeing people dog the Zers. Nah they dont do Pac 12 Gotta do sling because of it Ive got a buddy who is pretty techy and he enjoys it. Hes not a sports guy tho. Dubov what do you do for ducks? Especially basketball Cool thanks for telling me @fbi For real Im such a noob about illegal streams and just realized how great reddit nfl streams are for me when I cant get rams on sling/other apps Oh damn Also get in a fucking gym Jesus youre a professional athlete I dont even care about a salad I need some fucking arm definition Whiteside double double in 10 minutes ?? lol Conley with the cool -.5 for me tonight in fantasy I work in higher ed and I can tell you its a mix A big reason students go to Oregon is because you can only get 8 credits a semester at UC schools It takes too long to graduate The other side of it is that it is harder to get in because of that same ratio of students to instructors Some schools also just have higher standards Oregons standard is much higher now than it was when I got in 2008 when 3.0 was automatic acceptance 2009 it was 3.25, 2010 it was 3.5, then it was gone altogether asu also does that because their ecampus is one of the largest in the country They can service all of those students with enough credits each semester It may have been Houman, but for out of state it wouldve Been even easier They want that out of state tuition Yes Yeah that $$$ is even better for the university Lol Great notion is the best beer in PDX and the food is great NW and NE locations You mean NE? You going now for lunch? Elitist? Im asking a damn location lol Okay Ill let ya know Im trying to knock out some shit at home but a brew sounds nice Wings or chicken sandy FYI Their fries are also amazing Oh yeah dude. So good Ill tell you the blueberry muffin sour is the goat. Not too sweet either It also legit smells like a fresh baked blueberry muffin. Double stack also is a good taster, its a stout but worth a try its an award winner. Okay good to know. Look for their Juice Jr, or anything DIPA They also use the freshest ingredients and only make small batch stuff which is why you cant buy it in any store, only at the location. GN is the best Im not ashamed. Damn only thing missing actually I would prefer every brewery also carry c lights Even can form would be fine Like cool Ill have 2-3 crafties but then can I switch to c lights to really catch my buzz? You came out? Oh wow At first I thought you meant peck and I was impressed he hid it all from us I feel like if I was gonna come out Id try to be nonchalant about it Hey fellas, fyi Im gay Also guys I was front row for Nick Kroll last night and he murdered. That special will be good when he films it. Oh wow Ian that is even better actually. Some people probably wont just come out and ask too itll just fuck with everyone Also Ian are you a Sturgill guy? Been meaning to ask this group as a whole but I know youre a big music guy Oh no I dont want him to be a fan ugh Im sure hes got some poor take on him and I feel like its just gonna upset me Lol Your takes are ?? what can I say Im asking because when he announces tour dates I wanna see him outside of PDX because I think hell play the Schnitz again which is a terrible music venue Hes not even really country music His first album was, after that its been a wide range of stuff Yes I do Houman and thats fine. Lol no Lol his newest album is a dub step country rock record amd he also created an animae film on Netflix as a visual album Its absurd dude I got high and watched the movie and it kinda scared me His second album was all about drugs, mainly DMT His third was about his son, then this fourth album is just so crazy its awesome Oh yeah critics love his shit Sound and Fury is his new album, he sat on it for two years while they made the animae film Also hes super big on the idea that when he tours he cant play the songs the same over and over so he changes them up a lot and they are so different. Okay thats my Sturgill stan session. Yeah thats fine he has a new tour coming in Feb His opener is a really good singer songwriter too named Tyler Childers and Sturgill produced his album. Yeah that looks awesome Guy staying in his lane and doing what he does best Love that Yes Nunnya Nunnya fucking business! Great for Ducks Ingram my fantasy god Him, Finn Reaper and VanVleet for me lol Lol yeah thats fine I like Herbs, just dont love him and dont think hes the second coming of Christ. Ill admit a few weeks ago when I went off I was about 8 ketel sodies deep and like a j and a half as well. But I stand by it, with a bit less tenacity tho Yowza Wow Yeah dumb decision but still Andy is just gonna keep dropping 8 and let them kick field goals I hate the strategy but so far its working God what a bad call Herbert was there We gotta score more Theyre gonna get 28 probably we are gonna need 30+ Thats a catch Herbert yikes This staff just wastes Herbert lol Its not even his fault the guy doesnt even get a chance to get into a rhythm Also yeah but thats tough for a small back to reach up over his head in pads It was fine tho Panthers +5, Chargers +4, but the lock is Philly +2.5 I think Utah is a better matchup Than Wassu Similar styles we struggle with that air raid shit Gotta get pressure tho on d if we cant then we will lose to good teams It would be so rough if we got in Dylan how did you draft such a bad fantasy team? Im confused now B-ball lol The Liga Gunz thats great my bro Chucky ? Ryan Allen! https://twitter.com/pff_cam/status/1191389939050668033?s=12 Wow mark thats dope Im guessing youre going to be there already? Dope I am going in PDX Yeah it was worse at the Schnitz That is a terrible concert venue The sound is awful in there Sturgill was playing heavy guitar riffs and super loud, you could barely hear him sing in there Not to mention its also tough because Sturg doesnt play songs like they are on the album so some are tough to even know which song it is. Made for a so so show at the Schnitz Kacey was great apparently from what my wife said Id like to hear him outside but I also know he doesnt love playing outdoor venues He said it on Rogan Is RP public enemy #1 in the chat now? Gundy email them I had to do that To get my ID scanned and put through Or try the chat function on the app Nah dude they take forever I reached out and they got back a couple days later saying I was good to go We want to see lives ruined and bank accounts in the negative Yes pls HBD YUNG CHAD Damn Huge ?? Damn Id rather play against him early in the year Thats a technical foulllll Dont think theyre gonna hit the over on win totals... Fuck Jesus Yahoo chose to sit AD for me with an injured Myles Turner in the lineup Dope https://twitter.com/ryanforgue/status/1193215876658540550 This thread My fantasy team member Dinwiddie ?? take Worse than Russ outfit Unforch, love that SiakaMVP Lol he was ducking down to avoid contact The defender has to not go in with the helmet Lol yeah I tried changing my Hulu subscription and its not available like they said it would be Yes Dubov Where you drinking before? Its great That is way overly ridiculous What a fucking TRY HARD Dana giving Penny some pointers The ducks are a wagon calm down boys Going to run the pac I mean they just sort of handedly beat the team ranked a spot ahead of them This game didnt feel out of hand at all Thats a good sign Great contributions from the older and younger guys, feels earlier in the year than ever before Yeah we did and you didnt feel good most of this game? Even with the mistakes we look like the better yesm Yeah I do a bit more and theyve been checking the boxes thus far Weve got a lot of depth and the young guys seem ready to go more than before Yeah thats all Im saying Dana teams can really take time to play well this is earlier for one of his teams Not just last year but in previous years its taken a while, even a quarter of the year or so but it already looks better. One of the best offenses Ive seen in a while. We are also young at spots, lots of freshman playing. We are going to be older a lot this year thats just college basketball. We are always going to be older Dana loves grad transfers Sprinkling in freshman 4 and 5 stars Yeah my dad is crazy about recruiting so I always know early from him. Plus with basketball its only 5-6 guys MAYBE I cant make the bet just because of that Mandalorian was dope tho First so Ep* ?? Mark youre fucking this chat up Ive got two of them now Im sending Trump after you Luckily this kid likes girls He looks like a lesbian Im still surprised Yo u know who has really aged? Matt Damon. Yes we will Great coach too I dont think this drops him at all I think hes still a top 3 prospect Its not like its a lingering issue nfl front offices are smarter than that Guys I had the same injury in 8th grade I didnt know what the injury exactly was until just now I had what the doctor at the time called the bo Jackson injury You know what? I was 13 so I think I ended up healing better lol Lol Handicap as in golf? Lol Im like a 15. Last summer was a low point tho bouncing back this winter. I do have that, but its more uncontrollable adult boners I think TOO MUCH blood flow Texas is so not back Beavs storming the field after beating OSU!! ?????? Lol I lost to gunz this week because Ive got 4 guys hurt Fucking BS Chad tell us the sex part now at the end of the night with the two girls at once Dont cuck me on this Im DIH Matty I just wanna know what you jerk it to....I can only imagine youd show me parts of the internet I never should be allowed to see. You ever get wrestlin with one of the female fighters?? You sick fuck! That kids, is how I met your mother My work PW is a form of Letsgoblazers and I gotta admit its getting REALLY hard to type it in every day I may do an advanced change even tho its a huge pain Oh damn its hitch! At the black keys concert just waiting for space to let me know his pitchfork-esqur review on why they suck Hurry tho cuz I gotta be able to tell other people I wanna sound high brow Esque* Yeah its great ? Shes about to get covered the skin is about right Hulu is solid and will get better once Fox has their content on there YouTube tv, no PAC is my only reason for not ditching sling Quit talking about your dick Chad Seton Hall just not missing tonight lol This is a good game for us to have I dont think they pull this one out Seton Hall having their best shooting game of the year theyll have tonight Theyve got a few guys whove hit threes that legit dont shoot them lol Seton Hall also returned 11 guys Theyre really good I mean Oregon plays a zone They arent going to really divert from that I liked what they did early, attacking the rim, but this got out of hand because they have really not missed from outside. Yeah they just arent missing It wont matter what we do if they dont miss from 3 Juiston has the brokest shot lol We do not shoot free throws well Walker with a dumb freshman mistake God thats tough LETS FUCKING GO Pritchard locked down Seton Halls best guy Theyll be ranked after this week, possibly unranked to top 15 lol WTF Must want to be done Take a break Idk God dammit space I took your tip on that too Fucking asshole Yes I love that this makes people think theyd stop buying peloton Always love the screen passes behind the line on 2nd and 15, they always are so great! BOOM I saw $165 on Oregon website Guys Im at Disneyworld right now laying on the ground because I just need a fucking minute Wanted the liga to just know where my station in life is currently ? My wife makes me do the Disney parts so I can get fucked up at Epcot Oh god that would be great Ill settle for a turkey leg and churro I might send you all voice messages as I drink at each country tonight Doing impressions of the countries Yes it is and yes I agree. My parents live here it is not ideal. I gotta go down to Boca for my annual sales meeting all next week too Im Florida man right now My moms company gave her a huge raise to move here they moved headquarters Between taxes and my moms raise my dad works at a local grocery store now in produce and golfs because he wanted to have a career change They bring home more than they did combined in Oregon still lol Mustve had pulp Hes got more rings than Russ ?? I mean Brock you may not think he is but Eli WILL be a HOFer You can say no all you want its a no brainer hell get in Im not even arguing it really but if his criteria isnt good enough then like half the HOF inductees shouldnt be there lol Youve just got stricter standards for your personal HOF Brocks hall is like Russ Wilson, Shaun Alexander and Walter Jones. God Im in a work meeting and cant stop giggling seeing that Lol priority pass is the best especially when they give my wife and I both $56 to spend Who is Willoughby and can we never mention his name again Senior Sim was worse than freshman Payton Ian I gotta admit Ive watched the video of you eating pizza 19 times. Its inspiring. ? You are my hero The focus and tenacity is unmatched in anything Ive ever seen Honestly it reminded me of Payton Pritchard This may become an old chat takes exposed thing but I think the ducks are going to run train on the PAC ?Matt, Nicole randomly saw you on a bloggers IG story at the Long Beach airport. Fucking small world. Nfl doesnt tell if its PEDs or not Unless he said it Cancel culture got old Yoda Trash take I cant find it on the internet Share it please chat Ive heard about this for two days and cant find it anywhere I tried its been scrubbed Omg saw that too lol What a lunatic My god How do you guys feel about the Christmas movie the night before? The Seth Rogan flick Dude I watch it every Christmas, its kind of a ?? Especially for bros Yes chad Also when hes texting the guy who sends him a dick pic Im dying I never sucked a dick but I once touched a dick at summer camp when I was 11 Rogan just losing his shit the entire movie is peak Yeah Space or Brock would have some hot take that Apollo 13 sucks and K Pax is better Its sort of what we expected Its a good class, heavy on the 4* Its early signing day I think At this point theres no huge positional need its more adding depth at WR, secondary and OL FLOWE BABYYYY Thats so big Yes because its set in 2012 YES So weird glad its not just me Must be the impeachment Mark I gotta admit thats just not a good analogy Pattinson has always been talented and doing good shit Hes also about to be Batman which Im worried for Because he does good shit and I dont want him to become ruined doing a shitty DC movie Yeah the great thing about doing insanely successful movie franchises is that if youre actually talented you can do anything you want Brendan Fraser also had a big choice in his break from movies Its not like he made bombs after and no one wanted to work with him, he just was tired of being famous THAT is a much better analogy He legit looks like Dassey now Its surprisingly not that cheap I was going to take the in laws but the price does not reflect the game that will be played Ill be starting at Canard today for happy hour Yes and duck stack Im doing back to back canard days Pre zers Happy hour too good of a deal I just saw the legend, EGG in the press box Wow My 9th shot of bulleit rye greeted him as I walked down (I drink in case you guys didnt know) https://twitter.com/stavvybaby/status/1195393222782017536 Ive been deep diving on this dude recently hes a standup maybe Im late to the party idk Yeah hes funny as hell I love trashy east coast people and his Baltimore impression is amazing Canard 4-5 is happy hour best time to go Slammer Tavern Awesome Ill be doing prime rib on the smoker later tonight and cooking it tomorrow So damn funny Is that great notion? ?? Im taking the in laws to see uncut gems and they havent seen a trailer Should be exiting Marc and I beat each others meats equally I think hell agree Also Im left handed so its different for him No he hasnt he didnt cook that! My god uncut was insane Yeah it was insane and so fucking awesome Lol God that was so good Im at urgent care now I think I had a bad fever at the movie last night and I was almost dying watching that Almost passed out a couple times I thought it was just the Sand man Lol yeah its all good I think just an infection Thanks fellas sounds like just a bug I legit had anxiety at the movie last night good luck Dubov I kept trying to relax myself and just could not do it. After the first 30 minutes youre fucked I had to slow my heart rate down like 4 different times Yes I think two weeks is MORE than enough for a film like this Its literally made for this chat I think 7 days from Christmas What kind of plane? PJ? Jesus I mean its a daughter in law If its his daughter he probably doesnt coach right? Im making a shitty joke but also I think it kinda holds true Yeah Maybe he never liked her and she changed his son for the worse? God dammit okay Im done Im so shitty Yeah we need more info to know how cold hearted this mfer is Lets be honest college coaches are usually pieces of shit and not great family men You cant be around enough with those hours Coordinator and higher at least I mean there are exceptions but he also is never around his family lol That dude is working non stop I didnt say shitty person Just a shitty family member, other than the great paycheck Its also not a crazy take lol Rengel you heading to LA? I leave tomorrow AM Double bloody, Ketel soda, two Titos and OJ on the flight so far. Go ducks. Im not sure how this is going to end but after Jan 3 Im cutting booze and weed until feb when I go to Vegas Exactly ? He doesnt understand the beer line does card Im not but he definitely is Its the fucking service here Im not blacked Jesus about fucking time Streak what? God I fucking hate playing basketball in Boulder its such a gay ass advantage for them Playing in Boulder should be outlawed for basketball Thats such a trash advantage Sbodltieoy Absolutely* We also just never win in Boulder Damn makes the ducks look not so bad Im betting eagles tomorrow but Im on Texans and pats today Hawks are frauds Ducks BIG win Lol what? I mean Vrabel has had good defenses and his team plays hard Hes a defensive coach What else is he supposed to do? No coaches really do well without a competent QB Marcus was definitely not that God Barnett with a terrible late hit Yup My wife filled me in on all of it lol He shouldve won a golden globe My favorite character on tv this year. Even more than cousin Greg Ive heard some nutty stuff about Ruhle I think its a good hire Because Mike McCarthy was a great hire? Lol there arent a ton of great candidates out there Yeah basically fuck you, Rengel! I dont hate Mike McCarthy really Hes better than Jason Garrett I just like taking the shot on a young guy like Ruhle who had been great everywhere hes been and hes wanted to get back to the NFL Also Ruhle is apparently known as a crazy good playcaller Mayo Mike had peak Rodgers Thats almost a knock but I do agree Mike is a good hire. Browns shouldve hired him last year. Absolutely Someone will hire Salah and its a mistake Youre better off hiring a John Harbaugh/Tomlin type guy who is more of a CEO Never was a specialized coach Yup I mean Wade had great defenses in LA The tough part is our personnel is not going to hold up with his system Ehh Ian irk Idk Lombardi talks about this but you pass to score You dont run to score Its tried and true Hence why everyone scored less than 20 pts Yeah this is also a year with teams like Seattle and Green Bay that are not good Theyve taken advantage of shitty schedules and won close games but they didnt do anything amazing all year I mean youre a hawks fan.... Look in the mirror The Seahawks are worse than the Packers in terms of fraud teams But both are truly frauds The rams beat themselves in that one but okay lol Again look at the wins they couldve gone either way for almost all of them They got the win obviously thats the important part But they only led at half 5 times All year Their point differential is also worse than GB Schedule obviously matters there I mean you couldnt hang with the saints with teddy at home Lol Rams beat them KC, Baltimore, Green Bay, honestly I think Tennessee beats Seattle Totally agree the packers resume is bad The hawks just have ride Russ Thats it Literally thats it lol I mean most years theyve got more This is JUST him its ridiculous Hes a creepy child molester but god hes amazing as a football player Packers are trash too, I agree I just think at Lambeau, Hawks cant run the ball Hawks wouldve lost to the eagles with wentz Fwiw Honestly there arent many teams this year you can truly trust Thats the crazy part Ill crown your ass Rengel My fantasy team I agree! Dirt and Sprague going in HARD at CJ Saying this season is about injuries and CJ in terms of the issues They hammered him lol I know someone who was at the concert It sounded fucking nuts Id be broken after witnessing that Id be like Gunz after 4 shots and 3 pipe rips What a fucking idiot Wtf youre meeting shea? Im confused Shea is my guy ever since the office essays Looks like Joe Moorehead as the new OC Omg Thats so true So would Ben take over as PG? With Dame off ball? Guys who cares about the Zers the season is lost ducks cut it to two by half Damn Rengel that looks gay AF Ill give it a try Payton had POY buzz coming into tonight and is getting dominated by Mannion Little ginger fuck Payton needs to fucking figure it out. Get in the lane. All year thats been the issue. Its absurd Ive not seen a team this bad at rebounding under Dana. Also we are longer and taller than ever before yet terrible at getting butts to nuts Yes we have actually Dana is normally great Also gunz you bring up Kazemi, but its our namesake who was the rebound god, Joevan. Lol yes He tried giving Mario Jr. peanut butter and Cristobal grabbed Jrs hand and was like no dont eat that Im pissed I cant find 1917 in IMAX anywhere for the next week Its just coming out wide release Im guessing none of the chat has Comes out tonight wide Nope Gems got a wide Christmas release I took my wifes family and regret it to this moment My 78 year old grandmother in law just should not have sat through that Yes and it was fully my choice I just wanted to see it so bad and was selfish about it Idk how much of it she understood We do cards against humanity with her she didnt know what a queef was We get in the car and my mother in law just goes Clayton doesnt get to pick Christmas movies anymore Not for the ducks Also Zona can shoot this is what I worried about. Offensive boards and threes off of it And we cant shoot today for some reason ?? ?? fire LETS GO BABY I will say Dubov, we are winning the rebound battle More offensive boards but god it doesnt feel that way Ducks just not running an offense again Always fun to see Yeah its awful We also have 9 in n out threes I think tonight Zona just is not a better team but Oregon just didnt bring it tonight Shut the fuck up Gundy Not right now God dammit Payton you little fuck I mean he was shut down by everyone tonight This may be the worst overall game weve played this year It just doesnt seem like they screen for him I have no idea why The weave shit is awful WOW PP with the block too We know bro I dont wanna know MORE PEANUT BUTTER FOR ALL Its the WSU of the SEC Possibly lower than that Rengel....I said this like two days ago MY GOD If youre going to Rovell me at least kiss me first Im all in for Moorhead its so weird they fired him at MSU, Leach is probably going to be exactly the same Hes a good offensive coordinator and Cristobal will not infringe on his play calling Also NO MORE PISTOL Kellen Moore also was good this year as OC, the D was the problem in Dallas Yes but its sounding as though the plan is to possibly have Kellen calling plays Well see if it happens tho, Kellen also is a good clock management guy and could be that for Mike because he struggled with it Theres something to be said for a CEO type coach Which Garrett ultimately became You can put the blame on him but their d was bad too this year It could be Ashforf Ashord Ashford* Fuck my texting Im glad theyre going to open it up, but Im with Rengel Shough is the favorite Just got my season tix locked up! So he can molest young boys? Okay so just minus the chimo vibes got you Shough has a big arm and seems really poised Im excited to see what he can do Mainly because Im also in the goat that Herbert struggled to read defenses and made poor decisions a lot Appreciate everything he did, Im ready for a new era Guys I may shit my pants on the way back from the gym right now I just want everyone to know this wasnt my plan My wife made this vegan noodle dish last night it had a ton of pepper flake in it and Im being ravaged inside Idk what it was I mean spice is what makes me shit It was thin rice noodles and veggies and tofu God dammit I cant do this Nicole is all who it vegan eating right now I played ball this morning and knew it was going to be touch and go Yeah I mean she eats cheese just really no meat right now Im not joining her on this journey Yes I didnt realize the risk I was taking on Lol yeah I said shes eating vegan dishes more I am going home right now and telling her I cant do it anymore cuz the guys said it makes me shit too much My god vegan chili? I couldnt walk after that She already hates this chat based on the babe the guys said.... Yeah how is that vegan chili and not veggie chili? So just no cheese on top? Lol Gunz I feel like you calling it vegan chili is sort of uppity Its veggie chili Youre triggering me Oh shit yeah send it to me gunz Ill tell Nicole its vegan chili so I can make it tho Made it home guys. Thank god. Go ducks Yes Will Fuller factor Dylan idk if you can stream on a plane I have no faith in that I have it +10 Oh god stop with that. That call was fine The chiefs are just way better Thats great analysis I now concur Only way hawks win this is if they get bailed out with another qb injury Im tired of this shitty Seattle team snaking their way into victories They suck Well they sure as shit wont even be IN the super bowl this year As they shouldnt, their child molester qb pulling shit out of his ass all year With the garbage team around him Honestly Im just so tired its not even you hawks fans in here, but overall as a fan base youre the shittiest people in the planet Yes we cant draft Rashad Penny type guys oh no!! Yes its more talented than Seattles currently and it will be next year You shouldve lost twice tothe Rams! Lol Rams dont need to reload You heard it here first Again, hawks shouldve had 2Ls against the rams and GO FIGURE GOT BAILED OUT TWICE IN THAT GAME Done it all year tho Russ is insane Ill give you that. This was actually better for them than normal He was in the super bowl last year Are you a hawks fan chad? I legit had no idea thought broncos maybe. Just better hope the hawks can be that lucky with a bad pt differential and lots of close wins again next year. Thats repeatable, right!? Bro I went to games in STL eat a dick You ever been to STL? Its awful Yes Its a dead city And I watched two games there I traveled there for, when my team was nowhere near the playoffs Ive heard summers are better Horseshit DMAN Fellas the Rogan pod today with Joey Diaz is worth a listen, I feel like Diaz could really work in this chat Yes thats great If Mark just completely let go he could be Joey Thats awesome Damn I was more excited thinking it was season 2 of ITYSL No I havent I gotta admit some of that fringe stuff is too much for me but I love Tim and Eric Steve Bruhle Those are so good I gotta admit tho Ive seen ITYSL like 10 times through now lol Because the lakers only come to town twice? Theyre at home a lot Oh lol Wow he said it on PMT lol Started up my season tickets again So stoked Yeah thats smart should get $300 for one Ducks about to lose at Wassu Awesome This is so fucking pathetic Wassu, playing without three key players mind you. Yes by 28 Dude I was at a sushi place here last week and they had a Toto Its so amazing My god Did she take it in? Lol yeah as long as its not chocolate usually theyre good 