2 Sorry Dubov Solid lineup Go get him Dubov Tom is the GOAT Foles Brady rematch Field Celtics still dangerous too ???? Time for the GOAT to get numero 6 Brady is going to pick on Marcus Peters Im down for the blazers to make any sort of attempt to change it. Conley would add some good swagger too Hed love playing with Meyers too ? ?Come on Neil CJ and some firsts What happened? Wtf Neil knows the best tho, no way AD makes a better team, right? What about cj and Harkless for holiday and mirotic Down for Randle I think holiday would bring some solid D too We could even throw in Meyers to seal the deal Fuck he might not be able to eat dinner tonight now CJ moving that trade value up Man CJ would have been solid in the big Apple Man dame is going to lead the fire olshey chant here pretty soon If wes is bought out, maybe a reunion in Portland?? He would be sweet off the bench. Also shows how off olshey was when he resigned all those guys cuz he thought rest of league saw them as strong assets You all know what happened 4 years ago today? https://twitter.com/bleacherreport/status/1091429144666214403?s=21 Great day Haha no collusion here! Damn and bovado is over/under is 1:49 Thats a good looking prop, nice Dubov Does Gabe know the outfit that Gladys Knight will be wearing too? Lol It is fate for Gabe to be the one to be able to have the access to this info https://nba.nbcsports.com/2019/02/02/report-portland-buyer-at-trade-deadline-first-round-pick-in-play/ Does Gabe know what the final score of the game? That will help me make sure Ill beat Rengel Who do you think we would have to give up for Otto? Whats ottos contract? I feel like I came on strong at the end of 2018, Im really looking to do big things in the superliga this year Please dont kick me out fellas So whos everyone rooting for tomorrow? GOAT or the yougin ? A DJ named aydamn is making Matt knight arena rock right now lol He is on before dierks bentley and crowd is feeling it lol minus some of the hard country folks Lol sounds like you win Olshey has a plan ? I said earlier that Neil had a plan He had to respond to gundys shots this morning ?Lakers about to give up 4 1st rounders??? What was the final thing they offered? Hot damn, alright time for Neil to offer 2020-2030 first rounders Funny thing is the NO GM wants all these future picks and he isnt even going to be around to use them Wish I was there! Im in New Jersey or I would be there Fuck off ET Wheres dame at this 4th Q? Blake to the blazers??? Who we giving up? Keep Aminu and get rid of ET Neil trying to get on chads good side! Lol I think Aminu can do more than ET, and gets rid of his ugly contract. Ohhhh you got our hopes up, you know Neil isnt making that call 2 more 2s Dont think so on expiring deal tho right? Unless we can include Meyers! If terry ends up getting fired and Neil doesnt... Going to riot I thought your Mexican? Hes also wondering why the fuck we arent doing anything Ill take beal Meyers would be a good building block for them You guys think Neil used a PTO or sick day today? Gundy, know false hope today with more Blake news like yesterday WOW we are going for it ?Boo Totally, wouldve love to have him back Cant wait to
See what 17 year old we draft next year ?Go ducks https://www.nbcsports.com/northwest/video/exclusive-blazers-deadline-jody-allen-helm 3 big trades my ass You bros watch the Avicii documentary? Pretty sad. Freaking 800 shows in 8 years??? Yes seriously, his friends and manager did it to him Man PG wouldve looked good in red and black Neil was right, CJ > PG..... I think Raymond Felton will still be a bigger bitch than KD 37 33 Wow I feel like he was on the blazers decades ago So hes going to wear 00?? Wonder how dame feels Klay is a bitch, barking on the sideline at ZC They should go back
To east and west and winner gets home court in finals. Make this game fun Totally No defense is dumb MLB does it that way Lol dont disagree with you there, but players try to win Let the man do his thing The thrill is coming to play this half ?If Brock played college basketball Welcome to the blazers hood! DJ Dylan ? Ninja rave part 2 Maybe.... Haha i dont find what my area is for a few months. Is that the stores hes at? I forgot he is still there! Thanks buddy, dont think I have to wear a full suit anymore, not for sure but think I can leave that game with Macys Dubov, do you still watch bachelor? For some reason I thought you used too Lol right there with you, and this seasons no bueno Totally Colton is garbage Haha Jesse Palmer beat nfl bachelor Who do you want to be the bachelorette? Haha seriously. They havent had any good things, its been that or the virgin card. Cam, are you
Guys close to the mansion? They flew Cassies dad to Portugal?!? Wow lucky guy getting a free trip. Im sure a phone call wouldnt have worked Thank you very much Mr Cam! Haha I told guys Im trying to make a bigger contribution in 2019 Not saying it will be good contribution Blazers looking a little tired this half Dame looking off WTH is Up with chief layely Lately I dont think so, at the start he was solid D and making his 3s, right? Now he aint doing shit Maybe he wasnt but thought he was earlier Totally agree on that, never said he was good at decision making If AB ends up in buffalo, how far does that drop him in fantasy draft? I think Nurkic better, and Adams is 25 million a year LOL One of very few contracts olshey won Dont think theres been a box out all quarter Nurk gone Meyers He is a 40/50/90 guy Ohhh opposing coach picks Skallllll Swanigan wouldve made it Oh god Aminu Memphis loss hurts even more now ?Omg this is amazing That ASU WR going to be a big busy Busy Bustt Because hes not a strong route runner and not good at separation, comparison to treadwell, also a bust No on metcalf His size is unreal, but route running and spermatozoon Separation lol Probably a great go route runner Yup Someone that can run a route straight is worth a 1st rounder? Would you take will fuller again in 1st round if he was in this draft? Haha Texans WR Fast guy that runs go routes Haha that was a great auto correct You wouldnt what? Leveon to jets lolololol Jets over under 6 wins Yupp I dont get why a team would ever pay that kind of money for a RB Nowadays When is LAs contract up? Like when realistically could he come back You think spurs would want to get rid of him for an expiring?? Too bad LA signed that contract extension with them! Your right Dylan! I kinda hope we extend ET and Meyers Retire that number 11 Murray=ingram Very similar Both in between the tackle runners. ? Congrats Gundy! CJ done Sources say A patient of my brothers Houman, looks like you may be the only one joining the big baller Theres no salary cap in baseball right? No I joined Jordans How about them mariners Chad in first!!! Im thinking Chief is his eskimo Bro Wowwwwwww Holy shitt Lots of brackets almost very busted Great follow Wow horrible That was like the prevent defense in football Totally. Horrible. Nurk done Fuck Fun season Cj not coming back this season either now Well at least olshey can preach continuity this off season Too soon? Can we go back and give Brooklyn the win in regular time or 1st OT? How about dudleys arm hugging his back there? Nurk about to come back when his contract will be expiring Meyers time!!!! Yes, but hopefully this doesnt just mind fuck Nurk. Not many come back like PG Well at least hell still get his 50 million Broy part 2 ? Why did he get his number retired? He was there for 5 years and wouldnt have a ship if not for Lebron Are they going to retire chalmers Jersey too! Without udonis And ray ray Was it Ian? Lets go Ms ?Damn Either a 6th or 5th rounder Wowwww Hes got a Steve blake shot Are the heat even going to make the playoffs??? Will Russel get the New contract by April 15? How much?? I bet a fully guaranteed deal, over 100 million If Kirk cousins got it, russel will Im thinking like 3 years, 100 million guaranteed Ahh then maybe 3 years 105? Would put him top for guaranteed and per year average. Or 4 year 130-140?? Yeah lucky for us Vikings fan lol 22 days until the NFL draft ?????? Damn jealous, awesome Am the only one who took blazers under Brock?? Lol oops Im happy to get that pick wrong Dames shirt on every 3, not using his legs Yeah wed be in big trouble without enes Oh why you going to put meyers in the 4th quarter Lets get layman in over Harkless Anyone want a Nike pass for tomorrow? Icedddddd Lets go to the ASU game Scottsdales a fun place When do nba playoffs start? Do we have an idea of blazers schedule like dates they would play? Happy birthday Cam! As long as he brings Meyers with him Just opened, how far up do I need to scroll Matt lol Lol the Russel question? Ummm yeah because russel will probably go ape shit on them in lockeroom after game if they dont He probably tells them what ET told anfernee when he got in the other night Mooooo So are we going to get 3 or 4 seed? I dont see bucks beating thunder if giannis still sitting? ? It helped when I picked against the blazers in regular season so hoping that continues here This is going to be a great 30 for 30 someday McCollum out here playing hero ball Oh boy Zach....jumping all over the place Just a little travel but well take it! Man that 3 by dame when PG pulled them with 1....game saver Will they win a ship in next 4 years? Take Kanter out with 2 fouls Right??? Cant have Zach have to play 30 Russel is trash Lets gooooo Ask him to take him back to Denver ?Love the 2019 hair style Cj or dame needs to be in at all times Nice finish there! Lets get that 4th foul on PG Early Keep shooting Russel! We going to keep Kanter? CHIEF Yesssss Im going! Interesting Chiefs will give all that up and pay him and not dee ford Benefit of having QB on rookie scale Dylans going to have 2 QBs on rookie deals, how fun! Dame vs PG. some guy near us keeps chanting dames overrated Fuckkk you russsss When do they ever call lane violation Hugeeee boneeerr for dame Fuckk gassed Why is Evan still in the game 2 for 1, quick 2 Ongggggg More proof momentum is real Brock!! You think PG is in the locker room thinking he chose the wrong small market team? Lol chandler parsons Have we seen PG or Russel press conference yet? They are live now on espn Gundy get a question in! Ask Russ if he saw dame wave goodbye Wow PG bittterrrrr https://twitter.com/savagesznmedia/status/1120922671644958720?s=12 Oops sorry didnt realize Chad already posted that Easyyyy chad Im glad we can watch the nfl draft Thursday with no game 6 Billy Donovan making it to next year or is he getting fired? Yes it was Pretty sure at least Also, how the hell is nurkic already walking with no crutches lol Haha! Seriously. Dame was trying to hand them to him in locker room and hes like nah Im good. Ready for round 2 Lets offer him that super max tonight ? And AD might mess with the chemistry hes been building for 4 years. I heard he might try and give meyers an early extension to make sure he is a blazer lifer ? Until they get olshey! Meyers Good building block with lebron Sweet Lou Happy top 5 sports day of the year superliga NFL draft Dubov Lol youre gross 1st round is AWESOME ESPN sucks for coverage for sure Lol Rengel, pretty sure that happened to another team Clayton that is really cool Jealous Who will the rams get?!? And where only 5 out of 30 draft picks are relevant after 2 years lol Gundy what money do I get??? 2nd place! Thanks honey Im getting you back next year Brock! The dame, luka, and trey trio! Haha doubtful Probably not even dame and luka Im taking Zion dame and trey then Or jamont Lol whoops They are taking either Williams or boss or trading back Soloman Thomas on the block Bosa I think they run to podium if cards pass on bosa I think niners could use Devin White to be middle line backer for next 10 years More than another dline Cant have a lineup without cj or Dame Meyers is sooooo baddddd Dames turned into quite the complainer Meyers, ET, simons or collins and our first for Blake? We gotta keep Kanter I heard sign to extension Neils going to extend him before he bounces to the lakers How are we all feeling about tomorrows game? ET suspended next game possibly, he camenoff bench Yes but dont know if Niel does with this team More credit to stotts and coaching staff Was Neil or dame bigger in getting Kanter honestly? Haha ok fair Chad, just hate giving him credit! Is Lillard going to show up this half?? Wheres dame Why is he in Dame is not doing much I thought hood was going in for Aminu Maybe dame time? No Kanter Oops lies lol Yessss Line it up! He looks like hes about to fall asleep Willlllll wtf Hes been saving all that energy up for that See you on the other side boys Can dame help at all on offense? Hoooodddd Defense! No 3s Lets go seth Wowwewww Is that good? Fuck off murray Aminus shot is sooooo off Chad where you at? quiet for the start of the game Dame is out of it again Hes playing to get foul calls Seriously why do we keep getting McHale lol Lets gooooo I have a feeling dames going to find his shot again tonight Not a fan of the black jerseys tho Free throwsssss FREEEEEE Harkless looking soft tonight Except for he hasnt been HOOODDDD Millsap is so solid 2 on Murray lets go Wow good comp there How is that not a foul there on seth Get turner out Zach needs to stop talking to the refs Shouldve been 3 on jokic but Ill take the outcome Fuck dame 4 on Plumlee lol Oops Trouble Nice dame See you Thursday This shitty quarter was with jokic not doing much either Did CJ miss the plane ride? Layman time? Dirk no, Nash maybe Nash was sooooo good on the Mavs And I guess first few years on subs 01-02 season Only averaged 18 pts per game, but 45% from three, 48 from 2 and 8 assists a game Ah but not sure hed be better than timmy I guess Jk Yeah or even iverson Iverson averaged 31 that year Yeah probably not than Ian lol Yeah, if he wouldve stayed on mavs, him and dirk wouldve been so good Dame this year is better than either dirk or Nash too Yes he is I dont know for sure if they will, will depend on what happens to warriors If they keep Durant, they are probably still favorites Yup And wasnt that when the Kobe and Denver thing happened? lol HHa What a headline, can you imagine if that happened to like harden right now? Rudy fernandez bigger than Giannis Uh oh Come on blazers!!!! Blazers bucks! Dame just got hyped Well hopefully hes sleeping Yes gundy you are 3 min behind Catch up! Text terry and tell him to get the team ready to go! Or Jamal Murray Doris is so bad Ok time for Aminu to go Stotts is stubborn Man free throws Umm can we put dame in? Hooodddd At least only 1 more year ???? Wtf is ET doing in there And dame still out? Does terry know we are down 3-2? DAME Dameeee Stottts riding ET to the end Love ET getting these crunch time minutes Line them up Dylan!! Gundy buy the plane ticket Sat or Sunday? Calm down dame were up 12 lol When are they going to announce time of game 7?? We need to find a way to keep Kanter and hood Go rockets Ask ms Allen for one year in tax to keep them cuz then we drop 38 million next off season, or by trade deadline Cant we offer them like 2-3 year deals? Please be wearing red Harkless to the bench Honestly, we should probably be down more shooting 7-25 Get loud Chad! Penalty of half, time to attack Rest* Ok lets focus on each free throw Jokic flying elbows everywhere Lets go Meyers Damn that 3 wouldve been nice Damnnnn Rather run with curry than harkless Lets go meyers I love when cj waves the screen away and Meyers comes toward Solid D Wow no contact Lets go we got this Dame time Fuck thril Wow ET Dont like being in the penalty on the road this early Jokic nervous of that ET post game Come on stop fouling Cjjjjj Defense boys! Yesssss Did ET just earn that contract this game? Chad how were the Denver faithful after the win ? Well they will definitely not win any games next series vs the warriors! Any word on hood yet?? Well
Hurry up terry! Lakers getting number 1 Wow Anthony Davis staying! Where was Chicago supposed to be? Fucking cavs Knicks! Did Dallas pick go to Atlanta? Wow!!! Does AD stay now? Seriously ha all good players end in the west, even Murray probably to Memphis Man griffin loves the number 1 pick Lol isnt his contract like 25 million a year? Good call on spurs Or phili and trade Simmonss I thought we agreed on no more black jerseys? That a kid Aminu Kanter needs to get that rebound Keep doubling kanter! 2 on draymond?? Ill take that first quarter, tons of turnovers but probably the jitters Lets ride with kanter and Collins vs Aminu Zach vs bell Is CJ on Klay the right thing to do? How is that not a moving screen Man wide open 3s I agree aminu needs to shoot it, but when do we move on from aminu, he hasnt made shots all playoffs Play Zach over Chief 3 on klay! Wow Great end I didnt realize amazon sold bacardi Nice transition d dame Well be at 20 turnovers soon fellas Why are we just sitting back there like kanter needs to get his ass up What the hell is dame doing Hes had like 5 turnovers doing that Why are we not adjusting on currryyyyyy Love when we make a run once aminu gets taken out! Gundy can you please text terry about this defense And have the screeners defender step up *not I feel like this could be a good spot for layman over harkless Is it not a moving screen if you are sliding and moving your ass into the defender as hes running by? ?So true Alright time to get the boys some rest Lets hope terry changes the defense and we learn to value the ball On the screens with the big sitting back? Has someone like AD ever been on the market tho? You seeing shaq starting the Barkley sucks chant?? Ha Congrats on being a homeowner Clayton! What part of town? Whats the line tonight Ill takenwarriors Ill take warriors for 20 +2.5? ???? Its on! Thats what Im going for, it worked so far in playoffs since I picked them losing first round I picked the warriors space Fuck aninuuuuu What a shit call on Collins there Nice dame Meyers earning that contract! Extend the man tonight! Dramond scares me Dame and CJ are shook by the splash bros Thanks for the money space They have more joy with these type of wine Wins If we made free throws We getting swept boys We had to make sure we still ended the season with a sweep! I want Portland to give draymond a max Brock spoil it! Im on season 7 now Steve Blake better get his retired! Mighty Mouse! KAN NOT play kanter Meyers is getting laid tonight for sure Moving screen into the shooter BS His beard is so gross lol He picked me off a few times I hated playing Jesuit! I like lorax Dude dame is so lazy with these turnovers Nice job dame 70 in one half, 35 in the next! From 17 to 10 in 30 seconds Its like the warriors need to be down by 15 before they start turning it up Terry letting it ride out Love no cj and dame WAKE UP TEZrRY This is crazy, 3 games with 15 or 17 pt lead Why arent we going at curry when hes covering cj or hood? Cuz ET is our super poor mans draymond Lol is this about to be warriors ball? Meyers 3 If dame really cares about winning, shouldnt he turn down the Supermax so he doesnt take up so much of the cap? Yeah like if we have 70 million combined between cj and dame.... Yup He still has his endorsement money... Lol I wasnt making 40 million a year And dont think theres the cap space like sports Lol well your managers are full of shit They have a person headcount Lol maybe Macys did that and thats why I left! Yeah Id be like sounds like you should go talk to HR or your boss, or you shouldnt have posted the job to hire me But this will be dames problem when we cant get other players and he goes 3 for 20 every game Tom Brady takes less every year, seems to work out for him His wife may make good money but still Maybe he just wants to make sure we really dont have enough money for LA to come back ?Whats Steve Blake doing on the team pic?? Do we know yet how long the extension for terry is for? Ask how much dough Neil gave him too! Why we going to pay aminu that when we cant even play him in the playoffs? Yeah I mean I see he helps us get to the playoffs but you really want to pay someone 8 million a year to make your team worse in the playoffs when it matters most? It also might seem worse since him and harkless play together and are essentially same player with no shot Yup Need more shooters, that frees dame and CJ up Lol gundy you are the expert, just see it as another bad contract that well probably regret Oh so I guess free money for him then yeah? Like doesnt hurt us to sign? I want hoods bird rights :( Shit if we got hood tho for 3 or 4 years for only 5 million a year??? Steal Oh lebron and the captain on the same team??? How much do you think Curry gets on the market? Ill take Klay in red and black Put him at the 3 Would you want Klove? On blazers That is freaking crazy Yeah Im not sure I would have re-wrapped it with a book. Haha Yeah better point, hopefully he created an alias twitter account! There is probably already a bounty out for him I like how he also said how they looked like gangbangers once he saw them...who did he expect to be coming across the country for the van? Church group? When did ppl vote? During playoffs or before? Too bad not right after round 1 lol Michael Phelps definitely wasnt motivated to succeed How do you guys think blazers would do vs these teams You think either of them push warriors? Records are not comparable for east vs west IMO You think east and west or even?? Get outta here Id say the 8 playoff teams vs east having 4-5 solid teams Outside of these 2, phili, Boston and maybe Indiana? Spurs beat 5-8 playoff teams in east Detroit made the playoffs They suck Orlando made the playoffs right? Ill take 4 games vs Detroit over 4 games against Spurs or Jazz Regular season matters in fantasy football! Wow is Toronto going to get over the hump??? Leonard might be staying in the north Man, think if wes doesnt bust Achilles and that team stays together, with CJ coming off the bench the next year, that team would have been so good So throwback time Well I guess good thing blazers arent in cuz enes wouldnt have been making the trip But the chemistry would have been thrown off Brock! I wonder how coach pop is feeling right now Ask him if he thinks tyreek is guilty or innocent. Damn raptors They going to hold on? Warriors who? Love drake and draymond chatter Where are you flying?? You headed to Canada for game 2? The blazers with nurkic could beat anyone in the easy East Blazers were 6-2 vs bucks raptors Celtics and 76ers Looks like they were good against top and bottom of easy 2-Apr You said east top 4 better than all west Besides warriors Ok hold on Blazers +38 those 8 games And that includes 1 of the 2 losses by 43 points +27 then If your reasoning is 76ers are stacked, the fucking Celtics are STACKED Well Miami is undefeated in the playoffs As good as Miamis, lost round 1 Cavs dont win the title without him Tom Brady is the only elite sports player right now What pgs would you rather have? Steph, Dame, Russel? Shit Id rather have Murray than russel lol I would call top 5 players at their positions elite No? Lol Ok Im dumb whos dipo Milwaukie about to be a totally different team next year Man dipo isnt top 10 in the west Yup and Lopez maybe yeah? Everyone washes out on the magic So do you guys think the blazers will end up keeping their first round draft pick this year? Yeah saw an interesting thing to do 1st rounder, harkless and Meyers for k love Damn raptors look good Igggyyyyy That sucked Why doesnt KD sit on the bench? He travels all the way to Canada to sit in the locker room? Zach anfernee and 2 first rounders? I would take Klay over CJ Yes Ian I was responding to Houman who said cj is Klay level Boogie isnt going to get a big contract If he gets more than Nurk thatll be crazy Game Love curry about to score 50 and they lose They could use Kevin Durant right now Anthony David would be a good summer addition for them Omg Jeff van gundy just said this team wouldnt make the playoffs with this squad tonight You dont see Steve looking nervous very often Warrior fans cheering like they are up 10 What was the line I think lebron would do pretty well on a team with the raptors talent lol Well Houman said lebron wouldnt have won tonight Ah my bad Thought Houman was having more crazy thoughts Tonights warriors squad was like the cavs squads Lol Dude warriors still winning the title Denver next year going to be ???? Boogie isnt the same Superliga poll: is Ian more of a bucks fan or heat fan now? west > east Cant compare regular season records You said raptors have better regular season record than anyone in west Omg we arent having the blazers and top 3 in east conversation again or Im going to have to ask chad to drop some blazers knowledge on you The raptors were 1 shot away from losing in 2nd round Would you be saying they were a league above if Leonard misses that shot? Giannis is good but they were young and inexperienced like the nuggets Raptors smoked bucks cuz they are good and full of vets with playoff experience 4 positions? Raptors are fully healthy Thats an advantage blazers didnt have And nurkic fucks embid Nurkic kanter and embid in a series would be fun on the court and on social media Dude if thats the trade thats great for us Loves injury history is sketchy but for Leonard/ harkless turner and a few picks lets go ?Hopefully that leg holds up! Seriously Yup agreed But went now got most guarantees ever, just passed Russels deal Jags aint making it to playoffs Man is Klay the key? Warriors cant hit a shot love this!!! Warriors fan head to the exits I wonder if they are going to be raptor fans by game 4?! ? Blazers would for sure be up 3 to 1 too I mean good thing for the reports that lebron moved out west Raptors Coach pop controls the league Real earlyyyyyy Yeah has there ever been a mid season trade as crucial and worked out so well as Gasol Olshey got small balls Lol Portland probably is 2nd for KD behind New York He seems like someone that would make a good life in LO Does a mark Jackson coached warriors beat this raptors squad?? They said they think he ruptured one of his testicles ?These are pretty sick Dubov Kd aint playing, his Achilles ruptured Does he shoot 2 handed? Bye bye Achilles Told you Houman! You mean ibaka?!? I mean they are a little off.... Lol Just van fleet probably Lol no travel??? NBA ready for the warriors to be done It was 2 steps and then his pivot foot slide 20 feet? Kawai take over time Man they shouldve gone for the kill 100% travel ? Looks like 3 steps to me but irrelevant now Looks like they should count it Wowwwww Ball dont lie Damn that Toronto time out killed their momentum Is he about to take that 30 million option and sit on the warriors all next year? How mad are the knicks tonight? Wait he cant go back in at all cuz he didnt shoot free throws??? Is that a new rule? Damn you think josh tore something? Freddddyyyyy Meyers > boogie The Toronto collapse Green mugged him Lol nice hands He put his hand out to catch it and it hits the wrist Bye bye warriors! Linsanity is back! Crazy they won all games in oracle Does Derozan get a ring? Or pop? At least we know the blazers wouldve beat the raptors Linsanity Hopefully Neil understands what Toronto did to get over the jump Hump Man how awesome would Anthony Davis trade at this moment be lol 12 Saturdays until college football and 13 Sundays to nfl ? Damn the west is officially open boys Damnnn good haul for both Cant wait for Neils comment Ill take Jrue Kawai would be dope or even kemba Kemba with those 2 would be money Or Kyrie??? Man that defense if kawai went there Well Lonzo Ingram Zion and whoever goes #4 is a good young crew Dallas Luka for real I think kemba wants a ring and Lebron can get him that Welp so much for the blazers Kemba Lebron kuz and AD? Thats pretty solid if you ask me Soooo blazers need to do
Something right? We already on now worse than lakers Are Like Neils got to realize that Hes probably pacing around his house knowing the west is definitely better than the east again That would be sweet but why would Harris want to come to pdx Trust me Im all for it But no medium names let alone semi big want to come to pdx if their choice That would be sick lineup with Nurk back! Neil just needs to fucking get some balls and take a chance You guys surprised AD wont sign extension but wait? Probably wants to see what playing with Lebron is truly like before committing to it? Ohhh good call Yeh I have no idea Chad? You are our cap guru lol Gundy, text terry and get his opinion on the trade Can we add terry to the superliga group?? How awesome would that be, especially if it was right in the middle of one of our east vs west debates Lavar has spoken Damn those picks are a great haul Whos your favorite team Houman? Lol
Houman never cheers for his team He was rooting for the Seahawks their super bowl season but not until the Parade Toronto was game 7 away from not making it to ECF...good logic Houman Lol do you think Toronto fans are saying that? Lol of all the way you can describe him thats what you go with? Greek brother Surprised horford isnt taking his 30 million this year Whats the hawks cavs trade talk you referred to on Twitter gundy? Blazers want horford! I meant we will take him lol Super liga sources Harrison Barnes sign and trade?? Yes Thursday is almost here! I wonder if horford will end up regretting not taking the 30 million this year With so many teams having room next year too What is this double draft? Ok Im ready for some WOJ bombs about our team I hope tomorrow turns out as good as the hype Would you all like ET, meyers/harkless and #25 and potential future 1st for Otto porter? Heard that today on podcast Is buckets meaning love? Down for that! I like crowder Is Memphis already trying to move him? Lol I want it too But I have a feeling tonights group text is going to be around Neil not making a movie Move I hope Im wrong! What you guys think of the Atlanta and Minnesota traces? Trades Seems like good deal for NO if they werent sold on anyone at 4 Man glad we all thought olsheyyl would do something tonight Are the blazers about to take Bol Bol?? Is little good? Can he shoot? Nice love another wing who cant shoot! Go Neil! He must be a great locker room
Guy Why does PORTLAND love players that dont start in college LOL Damnnnn What do we need to give up? Dont you think we wouldve already done the trade then? ? Love ETs last line lol Congrats gundy!!! ? Hes ready to come home Our nurkic deal is looking so good right now Getting him for 12 a year is crazy Haha finally a contract goes our way If we pay Aminu over 10 a year... Id rather let him walk than overpay Great for dame but does he realize thats going to hamper what the team can do to build in future, I honestly thought he might be fine taking less Not saying I would in his shoes but he talks about wanting to win most and this will hurt that Love that no one is wasting time this year announcing! I think KD will stay warriors What do you think kawai does? Clips? I want all these players to go east lol Kanter talking to the blazers tonight! Wowww Lol Knicks Man thats a lot of money for Harrison Barnes Damn if its kawai, Lebron and AD lol Phili is about to be weak next year now, Reddick to NO Bye bye Aminu ? Will blazers have room for max spot next summer once bazermore, Leonard and harkless contracts are done? Ricky Rubio just got paid again lol Damn jazz going to be solid Chad how you doing out there? Lets go! Ill take hood over aminu Bring me kanter too Yup! A starting 4 would be good too Until we get LOVE Hood deal is player option year 2 so sounds like another 1 year prove it deal I didnt think we had money for that tho? Well we need someone to start at the 4! Love scares me with his contract and health ? He better not be teasing! What team is Wes Mathews on?? And taj to the knicks?? For 10 million lol Thought so Dubov but the above message made it seem like he went to nets for some reason Hes decent yeah? Especially for the min Still waiting for that starting 4 Give me shooters for terry Meyers is our starting center watch your tongue Is meyers and Zach going to be our only big men to start the year? Neil should give him the extension now Lets do another 4 for 40 Yeah our team looks poised to be giving up harkless or something, we got a log jam at forwards And klove is in Portland as we speak! Russel to GSW, gtfo Kawhi went dark Draymond to pdx Jimmy back to clips Lol Give me some Draymond So does GSW have to trade one of them? Or could they go with all of them But no way they can keep Draymond next year right? Is he good? Nice! Just hope kawhi doesnt ruin this Pretty bizarre the bitterness by kanter Man clips got a pretty good deal getting mo on an expiring deal and a first rounder When is the first summer league game? Grizzlies loading up James Jones says get out! No Doris? Give me kyler Korver in red and black. Thats a shooter we need I know but I want them! I think that the fact that he went back to Toronto today for a meeting says a lot Raptors, he knows east is easier for him Hell probably just do a 1+1 And LA next year Lol kawhi doesnt care that much He did tell pop to fuck off to his face Kyle Korver tho would be clutch for blazers....hed be wide open shooting 3s all day! Yeah he shouldve been out recruiting vs family bbqing Give me bradleyyyy Yeahhh come on Neil Whatttttttt No wayyyyyy Totally Harkless hit the bench! Philis conference to lose Love that he went clips vs Lakers. Ruh roh Lebron Wtffffff Whattttt Russel Westbrook LOL Wow total fuck you to the Lakers Thunder throwing in the towel? Russel next? So much for PG choosing okc last summer lol Woj letting Chris Haynes drop the first bomb, but not the biggest one! Has woj been licking his chops all day waiting to send that tweet? Alright Neil, wake up, get back to work! How many lines is Steve ballmer doing right now? Dame ended the thunders Damnnn Lakers just throwing money to make sure they get someone ya Haha Russel has to be traded now right?? That is a great haul for OKC Depending what years the picks start in Russ next Time out, what happened with PG and docs daughter? LOL no way wow Minnesota? Didnt they want a PG? Towns and Russel Wiggins and picks? Wouldnt they have to send something to offset? I agree j wouldnt want him but to make money work Little a solid 0-4 Livingston to blazers? Brock what are you smiling Smoking Is this like your mariota wont win a game take? Im sure some teams would take hood or bazemore Maybe not Whiteside or bazemore with their contracts but teams would want them What grade do you give them Brock if they run it back and dont do bazemore it Whiteside trade? Do you guys think Chris Paul gets traded now? Oh I thought this trade was finalized Did Brock to this list? ? Diaz is back baby! Like an hour Herbert isnt looking too solid I remember when G introduced me to a gravity bong I didnt move for a couple hours Dye is playing so bad He thought he was from the other 35? It unfortunately wouldnt have changed anything And running the ball on 3rd and 7 Gotta to play to win, not play prevent Pats under 11??? Keep doubting the GOAT ? ? Removed a like from Just like nba >>> ncaab ? Patriots for sure!! ? Lets gooooo I love the eagles vs redskins Josh Allen, the 50% passer? Big game for mariota and titans Cam newton is trash Thanks Dubov! She finally let me sleep in the bed and I took advantage Bye bye Achilles or ankle Damn that 1 Steelers just gave up for Fitzpatrick might end up top 5 with no Big Ben ? Seriously! Miami might draft tua Herbert and Fromm I dont know if they have anyone else to trade lol Pats will have all their 3rd round comp picks turn out better than their 1s Such an awesome stadium Dubov Fair gundy, that was the best place! Mariota and Winston both out from their teams after this year? Haha id take him over cousins! But he still isnt winning you playoff games ?Nate Diaz, round 3 Damn is AB done for good now? Man pats wont cover Cuz of the backup qb bull shit Ruh roh Seahawks Lol fuck you tampa Teddy didnt have to do very much, Seahawks beat themselves with their special teams and fumbles At least didnt seem like it I took the lions under! Thats the jamis we know and love Haha I dont think cousins can throw it that far tho Are we doing a fantasy basketball league?? I cant believe we are just 18 days until opening night! ? What did he do? Fitzmagiccccc Drake wants tua Refs blew those two illegal contact calls on flowers Fuck the pack Wow rams get ramsey Nice haul if they truly didnt want to pay him Think rams have more issues on offense than defense tho Do we know draft order yet for basketball draft tomorrow? Do we know the draft order yet? Gundy get us that order por favor Damn they are draining Lets see the kid get in Man hood and baze cant hit anything This is nuts Removed a laugh from Then you slither out from under your rock ? Pretty crazy looking at the two trades together! Whats the bet? I think hell get there When would we have to pay Zach? Next year? You dont think it would be better if auburn lost? I feel like a win would separate them further from Oregon and LSU with 1 loss still has better resume. Is Brock starting fantasy b-ball off 0-1?!? Removed a laugh from ??????? Love having tevin Coleman sitting on my bench today Damn Mark, have a day in fantasy today Tolliver is garbage Didnt know you could challenge a foul?? Lets goooo Lets go Nats! Lets go get Draymond Neil! What an idiot dye Wow their first lead of the game The kidddddd Wow this loss hurts Is lamelo that good? Damn meyers cut tomorrow? Damn does Freddie get fired here with the browns losing to the broncos??? Thats badddd Yeah close Metcalf looking solid Gosh Wilson is a killer So good and so clutch So Collins probably out for the year? Maybe we can resign him to an extension for dirt cheap 4 years 20 million The blazers havent won a home game yet?!? Nice finish blazers Are we the biggest disappoint in nba to start year? Man kitchens is so bad More important chad, they dont got that lockdown corner and safety cover 2! Defense wins championships ? Wow Garrett using the helmet as a weapon lol That was bs by Garrett 28 Well when Myles Garrett gets suspended from the NFL, he could play power forward And blazers still lose by 15 Suspend him for next year too. Or part of next year Is David vanderpool the real reason the blazers are slipping and Wiggins is on fire?? Chase young should go #1 Burrow looks like best QB IMO, but I feel like cinci or Miami might tank again for Lawrence I agree Rengel. Cuz QB matters so much more than any other position in NFL Most teams picking in top 3 need a QB Herbert isnt going to be a good pro Yeah but if you dont want burrow, probably wont get an amazing haul from someone moving up to #1 Agree, burrow reminds me of tannehill Lol but if Im the bengals or dolphins, am I ok taking a DE or tackle and praying for a QB next year? I I think chase young is smart cuz Burrow is a one year wonder, but if you are sold that he can be good he absolutely should go first Totally Better off taking multiple chances at QB on potential franchise guys vs any other position I think so too with this QB group, but I wouldve said Kyler still over chase young if Kyler was this year. Niners d line is nuts, but they probably lose 1st playoff game when jimmy G cant throw a TD Or jets! Cant believe we lost to bo nix How far does Tua fall in the draft now? My brother is a hip surgeon and says that injury will change him for brother Forever But he could be wrong! Yeah crazy Steve young 2.0 no more And look how you ended up Do you think committee drops Bama now even if no more loss? Wow bo nice freaking throw I mean rbs has to catch that but still horrible throw Man Baltimore is scary Raiders are about to love the bears top 12 pick they are getting Does Matt Ryan not realize he cant hold onto very long... We have to get rid of arroyo after the season Or before, I wouldnt complain I hope they flex 49ers saints next weekend to Sunday night Good to see our defense showed up tonight ???? I smell roses! Time for Richard Jefferson?!? No luka congrats You know the Vikings wont show up for a big game, more likely philly does True. But then there is my
Boy Captain Kirk Is arroyo coaching this game still or not? I feel bad for whoever drafts Herbert The next Oregon bust Its either a screen or run right or left at the guards hole Its almost worth it to tell Nurk to just take his time even more to come back This years ova Need Houston not to get 2 pt here so that buffalo only needs a FG Man Hopkins putting the moves on white this half His price wont be too high Well Im pretty nervous for my pats -5.5 His visor cracked gundy Is Mississippi state that much of an upgrade for leach over wazzzu? Turn on the tank Seriously. Tell Nurk see you in October Niners -3.5 Wow give me niners with points 