WHAT THE FUCK Marcus Arroyo owes me $50 FUCK Im so heated 3 Damning indictment of arroyo MOTHERFUCKER all he has to do was cut it back Instead of run into his blocker Im sick Fuck UW https://twitter.com/notthefakesvp/status/1080277198081351682?s=12 FUCKING HOOK EM https://twitter.com/jimmygards/status/1080580095704813568?s=12 Piss off Houman, its white people music. WOW Gundy this Frank Gilles guy is coming at you And with the disrespect, too. Didnt even spell Gundersen right. I hope Luka is in the 3pt contest and only gets off 15 shots because hes stepping back on all of them Do you think we could tell them were sending ZC but actually send Meyers and see if they notice? Doesnt matter. Kawhi is not capable of human emotion so its not like he would even feel it. Wow. Bananas? Really, Mark? Thats racist. This isnt the premier league. No place for that, imo. Does not compute They probably just need to restart him and hell be fine. Happens to my computer all the time. https://twitter.com/claytoneric7/status/1081060527273472000?s=12 Youre right clay Because I dont agree with gundys take. Bol Bol was a great signing as a recruit but lets be careful before we go comparing him to one of best conspiracy theorists in the association Plus then there was Mike Dunigan Aaron Brooks. Malik Hairston. Troy Brown. Garrett motherfucking Sim Whos trying to watch the Zers crush OKC tonight? Mauis? Somewhere else? Where you thinking Mark? Gundy, Bunky, Brock, Clay? Any other Zers fans trying to watch hoops ball tonight? Thats cool with me I love pour sports $20 cover Houman Whats its name and preferred pronoun, Hoomie? Thats some real portland shit lol Yessir https://twitter.com/ryanalph/status/1081266148283502595?s=12 Rengel Im assuming you mean WBB 3 ducks MBB
3 blazers
3 timbers
1 ducks football Nah fuck that 1 because I want the program to have it but I dont care enough not enough to take away from basketball I fell in love with the U of O because of basketball not football And I would be fine going to the occasional rose bowl Footballs just not my thing. I love hoops. Oh hell yeah Is there room for the entire JCSL? Nice Js Does AD need to resign first to get his money? Uh huh Same same Were watching it at a bar... Four of us? Michael Bay hopefully https://twitter.com/cp3/status/1081617146470416384?s=12 then why you such an asshole? the fuck is an engagement brunch Ah so an engagement party but with champagne instead of liquor? Hit the keg stand real quick, Matty! How many pairs of sperrys can you count? My Jayhawks are back from halftime if you guys want to watch a competitive sport match These Chevy reveal commercials suck. How they keep finding the only four schmucks in the country who seemingly havent seen one of these ads? Of course its a Chevy, Karen. Its always a fucking Chevy! Hurns https://twitter.com/alltwentytwo/status/1081679336602652673?s=12 Did ET start? Gross Do also have a metric shit ton of cocaine in you system? If yes, youre the Hazel Dell Elvis. Raptors -1.5 at home vs the pacers feels good to me Wow Gundy u right. Imma avoid that line Tarik Cohen just like he does every game If youre a chargers fan right now you need to play physical. - Romo. What does that mean? If youre a chargers fan you gotta seek out the first ravens fan you see at the bar and clock him? Im so confused by this trey burton injury Like is he a double agent for the eagles? ?? LEONARD FLOYD MY MAN Wait Pat McCaw is getting waived? Sorry if this already came up As like a fuck you to GSW? Haha hell yeah Pat ODonnell gonna be game mvp That was the worst goddamn spot Ive ever seen I love Kyle Fuller but idk that leaving him on an island with Alshon Jeffrey all day is going to work out well for my Bears Wow fuck these refs hard Just took away my +170 defensive TD bet Are there any two dudes on the planet that love quarter zip sweaters more than Al and Cris? This is the dumbest shit Ive ever seen in a football game YEAH! FUCK THIBS! https://twitter.com/espnstatsinfo/status/1082069260845883392?s=12 lmao this is such a depressing stat 2nd most? I think Im gonna be sick Jesus fucking Christ I cant believe this shit How did he hit the goddamn post again I feel for Parkey. Im not gonna pile on. What I will say is that this is what we deserve for not giving Robbie Gould everything he wanted. Jesus Christ ?Walter (who is, in fact, named after Walter Payton) is sick about this I feel like Im hungover and I didnt even drink yesterday. Yeah same I guess What a kick in the crotch to the city of San Diego if the chargers win the super bowl lol Are the chargers flying back to LA or staying on the east coast? BRUV This Martine Rose collaboration is one of the best things Ive seen this year But you need more context Shes a designer and chose to do the monarch and track suits, basically. But the London team launched it on Craigslist with the funniest influencers for lack of a better term. More like characters, really. https://www.vogue.co.uk/gallery/nike-martine-rose-collaboration So basically people found them on craigstlist and went to meet up with these characters to buy the shoes. https://i-d.vice.com/en_uk/article/wj3pjq/heres-what-happened-when-i-d-bought-martine-rose-x-nike-on-craigslist Lol yeah theyre just a collab Theyre also expensive. Get the regular in-line ones for cheap. They have a whole row of them at the ES Bruh you could cop a pair of Monarchs in every color and still have $100 leftover Yeah man Kill yourself, Derrick Rose. Did I do that right? Im not great at the slang terms I apologize for telling a journalist to SMDFTB. I did not mean it literally. For the last week Ive been convinced Bama is gonna smash. Today I woke up feeling like Clemson is gonna cover. My gut tells me to stay away from this game but the gambling fiend inside me wont let it happen. Theyre shouldve used that poster for Brooklyn and played which fan base is this? Oh man didnt realize Mavs were hosting the Lakers tonight. Sucks Lebron is out. Wouldve been sick to see the GOAT vs Lebron james Bill Walton on the call Thursday for UCLA vs. Oregon God damnit. If I never hear the word doink again itll be too soon. i hate you all. Eat a fat doink you turds. Literally everything Lawrence is doing is to the right third of the field. Bama is doing such a shitty job taking it away. Trevor Lawrence is so goddamn good, though. Nah dude, no joke. Hes the best QB Ive ever seen in person. By a mile. The kid is about to win back to back Heisman trophies and go #1 overall https://twitter.com/fdsportsbook/status/1082494542539034624?s=21 KNICKSTAPE There is a smoke show nba cheerleader on the bachelor Im not sure. Shes from New York. Lmao another girl pulled up in a cop car with the siren on and one of the girls goes WHOOP WHOOP thats the sound of the police and she is immediately my favorite Yo there are some absolutely babes on this season. wow. I would rather go to a GCU game than a Sun game Is the pit crew still a thing? https://www.oregonlive.com/expo/news/g66l-2019/01/00256b0af1722/russian-orthodox-church-leader.html?utm_campaign=oregonian_sf&utm_source=twitter&utm_medium=social Too late my guy The fuck is in the water in Arizona? KNICKSTAPE +17.5 tonight! Im over here licking my wounds after a couple bad weeks of football betting. This might be my ticket back in! ? Gundy my beak is wet on this Knicks game as well Lfg I dont think I can stress enough that were talking about Patrick McCaw... Shit Damn 92 Finals Rematch tonight. Who ya got? https://twitter.com/lebron_wire/status/1083073252489072640?s=12 Gundy tell me more about this disruption Haha oh man chad hes no on the same level as Lou Williams but I get the sentiment lol the blind barber is garbage Brock I dont understand your email I thought the nfl playoffs were over What the fuck was that shit? Meyers just chucked it up to nobody? Calabro making couch st. jokes and Im here for it lol Ok heres a trade proposal for you guys We send CJ and either Swanigan or Wade to NOLA We get Julius Randle, Tim Frazier, Solomon Hills expiring and a pick Yeah def a first We get two years of a physical PF that gets boards and buckets, plus Dame and Tim are reunited. We get off some money and a first rd. pick. NOLA convinces AD theyre serious about winning and keep him. NOLA still doesnt have a legit PG but thats their problem. Lmao Brooke is interviewing Nat Borchers in his seat. He started talking about Ruby Jewel ice cream and the two fat women in front of him turned around to hear more I was more interested in Hills expiring contract But I guess in theory yeah I love Julius Randle Especially at 2 years $8MM Lol bruce arians is gonna build around Jameis? What year is this Guaranteed meyers was the only one who volunteered for it CJs PPG, APG, RPG, 3P% are all down this season. Why the fuck would anybody vote for him? That Sabas season total shouldve been way higher smh At least we were blessed with 8 seasons of the vanilla gorilla You know it HEY I will not hear this Troutlaw slander He is the pride of Starkville, Mississippi who always brought a great attitude to the facility Plus he hit a game winner at Memphis that one time And delivered a sensational postgame interview afterward Watch from 1:14 on https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xZlgh1kO83s And Rebecca Harlow First round pick for Jordan Clarkson is the funniest shit Ive ever heard in my life Some sensational defense being played in this tnt game ?? I just got home so I missed the rest of it 130-130 after regulation is silly Cant believe DeRozan missed that last shot lol good point Career high for Cams favorite player lol the people in San Antonio as so stereotypical. Theres one dude in a cowboy hat, another in a Budweiser hoodie PATTY! this game is sick. Wish I couldve watched from the jump Oh sweet Jesus Steven Adams That was dumb by DeRozan. Dont wave off your screen against the best defender on the floor. Dude Brock we are both injury riddled So frustrating Yeah this season has been frustrating lol Jerami Grant balling in concords 50 ?? Bayou poker sounds shady as fuck https://twitter.com/jommy91891009/status/1083469584550772736?s=12 (Click in and read both) I have its cool. Lack of blazers product tho I had the teal one too, but it was reversible and had the black MJ bull jersey on the other side ?#Knickstape Are we sure he wasnt poisoned by Ergodan?! ok lets just calm down This is exactly what bob whitsitt had in mind when he traded jermaine. He was playing the long game. Need Clays Rams by 1 today. Mike DAntoni was on Wait Wait Dont Tell Me this weekend and it was pretty funny ?Potentially joints at autzen since the last Grateful Dead show Toyota is bringing back the 10 second car https://jalopnik.com/the-2020-toyota-supra-leaked-again-will-start-at-49-9-1831707870/amp Damn KAT went for 27 and 27 The best part of all this is that Jason Garrett is going to keep his job and we will continue not having to ever take the cowboys seriously lol the fuck are the suns doing beating the nugs? Do they not want Zion? Brock we are in a tight one I take full advantage of my roster adds Im the anti-Olshey. I dont sit on the sidelines. I also have four injured players that I dont want to drop Hopefully Dame does the bulk of the backcourt scoring tonight!!!!! Were gonna face fuck the nuggets tonight Watching Layman and Aminu on the floor together makes my brain hurt How do we make that happen THE PEOPLES CHAMP Guys I need help. Im at the stage of being so hungry I cant decide what I want. Should I get pizza, Thai, bi bim bop, or a burger? That was terrible late game management by terry Not fouling with 27 left means you need to know for certain youre going to get the rebound Extend the game! His best case scenario was getting a board 70 feet from the basket with 3 seconds left lol Even that isnt ideal. Why wouldnt you play the clock game and extend? 27 seconds is a terrible amount of time left to let the clock run And on top of that the sideline play they ran for a 40 footer was predictable and expected I would rather have 24 seconds left True on the rebound. Maybe Im just so jaded from watching my 6th graders give up 100 offensive rebounds this weekend that I have no faith in the boards. Very likely Starting True Detective S3. Hopefully the detectives can find Neil Olshey since he disappeared. Da Bears are #CHUCKSTRONG now and everybody else is completely fucked. Fuuuuck seriously? 5th player down for me right now. Wait what why did he do that follow up questions: 1) did he use tax payer money? Or did Mexico pay for this too? And 2) why not chick-fil-a? 3) is this an NCAA violation? Lol what a cocksucker Who was the unpaid staffer that had to go pick up all that Wendys? Bro he doesnt eat the WH food anyway He eats buckets of KFC And mcdonalds Do you guys think were ever going to have a vegan president? If youre McDonalds, how do you handle this? Ignore it? If Im Wendys, Im going in on this. Can you imagine if he had bought them Taco Bell. The fucking optics wouldve been amazing. Laura Loomer fucking sucks. This bitch is really advocating for the need for a border wall by jumping over the wall that surrounds Pelosis house to set up on her lawn. Shumpert about to catch hands from Terry This is not an enjoyable game of basketball. But I love that Shumpert thinks hes good enough to talk trash. Super cute. https://twitter.com/nbaontnt/status/1085030330048729089?s=12 joe ingles is my daddy Alright time to turn off the game Get Aminu all the fucking way outta here Who that Sick transition step back jumper lol I wish RoCo is better https://twitter.com/chold/status/1085048386481414144?s=12 I hope terry just drags him in post game https://twitter.com/mashable/status/1085055960652136450?s=12 fuck that. if Im high AF walking through Fred Meyer and I turn the corner to find one of these things Im gonna lose my shit I get back from Atlanta on the 4th. Dont know my February practice schedule yet so Im tbd on the game. Super Bowl Maroon 5!!!! lol Im going for work. I wont be at the game, just on the ground to #disrupt the city with some sick #brandactivations lol I dont think our plan is going to rock much of anything But Im excited to eat well for 9 days for free I love Atlanta Unfortunately the Hawks are on a lengthy road trip. But Im probably gonna go to UNC at GT ?Outstanding copywriting, Alaska. ???? What do you guys think of the Adapt BBs? Theyre like $350 I think My son is the face of the campaign LUKA Tatum is a supporting character It was supposed to be Tatum originally but the Celtics were being bitches Yep Not sure what the objective, but I would disagree with that statement in general. Streamers might be less inclined to exercise, but people who watch the streams probably do. Every kid I coach watches shit on Twitch and they all play multiple sports. I would do it but I dont think the magic would Simmons & Simons on the same team would hurt my brain I also think Aaron Gordon has a resurgence coming if hes able to get on a better team. Dame, Ross, Aminu, Gordon, Nurk is a starting 5 I can work with ET, Seth, Stauskas, Simmons, ZC second unit Look, I get people love their football teams and all that. Its cute and shit. But if its -1 degree outside, why the fuck wouldnt you stay home and watch on TV inside the comfort of your warm trailer? I have. Its very good. I love Rog. Oh shit lol Jordan Bell is a Nike Adapt BB guy! Who do you guys think will be in the rising stars game? Lol Ok help me out though. For World so far Ive got: Frankie Smokes, Bogdan Bogdanovich, Dillon Brooks, Markkanen, OG, Ayton Is Luka gonna be in it if hes int he real all star game? Do we think Donovan Mitchell would do it? What about Jarrett Allen, Bam Adebayo, Wendell Carter, Monte Morris John Collins
Kyle Kuzma
Donovan Mitchell
DeAaron Fox
Jarrett Allen
Bam Adebayo
Lonzo Ball
Trae Young
Landry Shamet
Kevin Knox
Jaren Jackson Jr.
Wendell Carter Jr Thats 12. Gotta cut two. You think Shamet is in? Frank Ntilikina
Bogdan Bogdanovic 
Lauri Markkanen
OG Anunoby
DeAndre Ayton
Luka Doncic 
Ben Simmons
This is seven. Need three more. ??And then thoughts on these rosters? Shamet is from Kansas City oh good call Yeah it is Lol do you chad? Oh yeah that guy fucks Im just looking at fan vote Obviously have no idea what the coaches are gonna vote Or players Derrick Rose had enough votes to be a starter, didnt he? Ah gotcha Well then yeah get D Rose all the fucking way outta here Gotcha who would you say are your west starters? To me its gotta be LBJ, Curry, Harden, PG, Luka wait sorry Not luka AD I feel like coaches/players would give it to AD Does Bill Simmons get a vote? Lol wait KAT isnt even on the nba.com article list. How did I forget about him Well we only have 9 right now so Ill add Cedi Hes doing it for dudes with man boobs everywhere and we appreciate it Hurts is transferring to OU. I have no idea if those are actually them, but I do remember Ashley saying they werent great Im with you Chad, I loved the team jerseys If youre gonna design an All-Star specific jersey to sell more, you gotta make them something people actually want to buy lmao Wow I just realized that the ASG in Charlotte is on MJs birthday... Hopefully he gets some clothes that fit for his birthday God I love Ingles Lmao this 0% alcohol Heineken ad is so fucking bad It has no alcohol so you can drink it at work! lmao I mean, a tall boy of bud light is water so lmao Lamar is explaining ayy bay bay by hurricane Chris to calabro and Im dying Do it Hardens FGA the last 8 games: 34, 33, 32, 24, 30, 18, 35, 32 As Kai Ruderian once told me: Great shooters keep shooting. You cant be a master of anything until you do it for 10,000 hours That sounds like a disaster waiting to happen Lol that commercial sucked. I would bench a kid for that. Shoutout to the ATL strip clubs for banding together and convincing city council to let them be open on Super Bowl Sunday AND open an hour later each night that week. Its absolutely beautiful what can be accomplished when a community comes together Wait what is this documentary I would watch that Lol found it. Definitely gonna watch this later. lmao Boban in John wick 3 Gordon combines the ball skills of Turner with the size and athleticism of Al-Farouq Aminu, and even that might be underselling just how athletic he is. Uhh yeah, ya think? lmao ok lets cool the jets we have a very long way to go with this team. really good win but Bill Walton started off the game by saying its a disgrace Dana isnt in the HOF Their record should be exactly how many wins and losses they have. I agree its a strong win and its anybodys conference But unless we win the conference tournament were not getting in the dance There isnt a single good team in this conference so hopefully Dana can keep them on track https://twitter.com/theonion/status/1086491454518771712?s=12 Damn Gundy I appreciate the hell out of that. Hopefully you dont get a text from Terry Im wondering why youre in Wyoming Jesus when is LeBron back Smh Go on https://twitter.com/adamschefter/status/1087040541190168577?s=12 ???? lol yall need to give Steve a little more credit He won theee with the bulls and two with the spurs Ill tell you where he didnt win a title. In Phoenix. As GM. lol goddamnit thats true or that he played with Rasheed when the jailblazers doc comes out Rams & Pats LFG Gundy have you learned nothing? You never count out Touchdown Tom. Sean McVay. Huge pussy. lmao that was dogshit defensive play Neither of these coaches deserve to win this game Clay are you alive The fix is in Nike x NFL getting our biggest market into the super bowl The Mooch is on Big Brother? Isnt that like a year too late? McConaughey > Shaka If Shaka was a good coach he wouldve gotten on those kids for not supporting their teammates THUMBGATE Were beelining for the Andy Reid timeout wheelhouse Good lord that was so fucking dumb by the chiefs Too much time for Touchdown Tom Too much time for Touchdown Tom What you hear right now is the deafening silence of everybody that counted out Touchdown Tom Holy shit gone in 60 seconds is on tv https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1087193843756347393?s=12 get the Wahlberders ready for the White House! Woke up energized and ready to like every MLK picture/quote combo on IG today I refuse to watch the Netflix one because its produced by Fuck Jerry and those guys suck https://twitter.com/fsu_recruiting/status/1087408528128651264?s=21 Early leader in the clubhouse for worst tweet of the day Yeah I know the connection but those guys who run fuck jerry are unoriginal pieces of shit who just try to make money off other peoples ideas When is Michael Moore doing a fyre doc Are you saying social media and influencers have the ability to be... disruptive? Isiah Thomas and Kevin McHale coming to my sons defense saying he is a soccer star and should not have been kicked out for kicking the ball TRIPLE DOUBLE FOR MY SON Reddit stream Hell yeah our greatest national treasure Bill Walton received a Sports Legacy Award today in Memphis I know thats a typo but Im imagining black mark and its hilarious True Detective has been pretty good Very agile. Dodged the draft like a pro. Im hoping Brock shows up vs DeHaan this week You say continuity, I say complacency. Is Isaac Ropp tweeting from the drunk tank? lol foh clay I understand what Lowe is saying there. But he strictly looks at a players on court performance. LeBron James is the face of the league. HEs gonna be a starter. In a perfect world, fans would have 0% of the vote and the players having he best season would be in but we dont live in that world. The Wizards are complete blind spot for me. Is Brad Beal really having an ASG starer caliber season? Matty where did you find that photo of my lord and savior Im finally reading this Quick piece Olshey, who declined to be interviewed, oh I bet he did I dont entirely buy the we cant attract talent to Portland thing anymore. Maybe 10 years ago. You really telling me that OKC is a more desirable destination than Portland? They managed to convince PG to choose OKC over LA. Whats the biggest difference between OKC and Portland? Sam Presti. Exactly right. So trade for somebody, imprison them here and then sell them on overpriced coffee and farm to table dining. SHEESH ?? Im not crazy enough to think well attract a FA. too risky makes me so mad. Whats the alternative? Continue to be a middling team. Dudes got no balls. The NBA specifically put things in place to give teams an advantage when it comes time to resign players. Take advantage of it. ? Literally everybody knows they just need to blitz Dame WE WANT WHITSITT Everybody just out here to keep cashing checks Unfortunately youre right chad How the fuck did Manny only get 22% Not surprising Would love the blazers to be part of a 3 team deal Lmao Dame mas (gasol)ina Lance and Beasley in Memphis could be dangerous lol If they need us to take JaMychal Green off their hands... Win win win A lot of those names are dudes that are having good seasons But I wouldnt consider them ALL STARS Were spending a lot of energy just to stay in this game. Were gonna run outta gas, I think. Zion is doing Zion things vs. Jeff Capel aka the coach that dropped the bag for him to go to Duke Thats gotta be so bittersweet. Like yeah, I landed that recruit for Duke and I was totally right about him. Now hes kicking my ass at Pitt. https://twitter.com/nba/status/1087896298303442945?s=12 Paula George sounds like a bitch It was just a typo. Paula George instead of Paul George We gotta keep it now. if he keeps playing like this. Or change it to Neil Olshey is a coward and wont trade CJ superliga Lmao Houman coming for everybodys head tonight I mean I dont think theres ever been a blazers team I loved 1-15. Always gonna be dudes that dont quite fit or arent adding anything. But weve got some of those dudes starting or playing significant minutes lol ?Chad rn Dames missed two dunks this game Trade his ass TRADE EVERYBODY Nvm he made that dunk keep him Who are these people who dont believe PG should be an all star starter? Also what a fucking luxury to have Dennis Schroeder as your backup PG. Sam Presti is a wizard. Is it possible for the based god to curse Neil and bless the blazers at the same time? We need to win a championship before bill Walton dies so he can come back for the parade How do you not win a championship the season your owner passes away? Like if youre ever gonna win, now is the time. AAF reportedly lines up distribution deal with CBS oh fuck that headline gets me revved up Please tell me theyre gonna make Nantz and Romo call AAF games lmao Lmao #SoberJanuary MOTHERFUCKER Are you kidding me?! Goddamnit. First - ts & ps for dipo. That is devastating for such a promising talent. Second - can I please just have one player stay healthy? I drafted Markkanen knowing it would be a while so thats fine. But Dipo has missed significant time already. Lavert. Lou. Donovan. Ingram. Hassan. Clint. Myles. Draymond. RoCo. Gundy who the hell is in charge in Venezuela Thats wild Lmao nate Macmillan dad in a 90s sitcom GOD DAMNIT https://twitter.com/1djfirstclass/status/1088306796731736064?s=12 Yo gundy that police shit is wild im on the Eastside and thats how I was gonna get home but not anymore Holy shit what How do we get ZBo back on the blazers ?THE FUTURE IS BRIGHT Lmao that was pathetic https://twitter.com/sparksjls/status/1088591544230297600?s=12 this makes my fucking brain hurt Brock I love what Im seeing out of your team this week. Keep it up! ? Wait Im confused who left la liga? Who is Colin kaepernick? Yeah I dont remember this being brought in front of the council I think Gundys friend Terry is the only one that wouldnt need preapproval Kristen is a dear friend of that chat Though I would also expand that list to include our namesake Joevan himself Scroll up? Whoa for real? Im jealous you get to go to BRS before I do. I have a lot of friends that worked really hard on that. John Jefferson is the man You chatting with him about getting in at Nike? Lol that would be sick Thanks, Ev. I took that global social manager gig, btw. I start on the 11th Yeah but moving from North America to global Rarely You mean does Rihanna get to meet me? Possibly. Thats a no for me as well We dont need 31 and 28 year old point guards Love Conley but hes not the answer. Especially at $30MM ZBo! Im in. CJ and Fox together could be really dangerous But doesnt Vivek LOVE buddy? Yeah he does Like a son Yeah I dont think they give him up. His upside vs CJs and also the value theyre getting him at. https://twitter.com/gop/status/1089191237851271170?s=12 I want Prince I need a Gif of Meyers missing that dunk lmao Im fucking dying ?Whose side are you fucking on KGW? Fucking narcs. Feels like something social chair Dylan would cook up CJ got a triple double last night and we havent traded him yet this is outrageous Tell them youre media You write for jimmydolanisacheesedick.com You write for the ringer and you have an obscure podcast that explores the intersection between ineffecient offenses and Turkish politics Seeing belichick in a suit and tie feels so unnatural WELCOME TO ATLANTA WHERE THE PLAYAS PLAY Cam its part of the coaches vs cancer fundraiser. All the basketball coaches wear sneakers and then auction them off to raise money for the ACS. So who do the lakers send to NOLA? KCP, Kuz, Rondo and a first? Chad I do that deal fucking yesterday if Im Neil But its Neil so I know it wont even be on the table CJ hasnt even scratched the surface of what hes capable of. - Neil, probably. CJ, Aminu, Zach doesnt make the money work but if we also took Solomon Hills expiring off their hands.... You know what AD is. Hes a mega star. You have a hope of what Kuz could be, but no guarantee hell continue to develop to that level. And I have a hard time believing hell ever become what AD currently is Can AD and Embiid play together? But in terms of touches And Jimmy And Landry Shamet! You telling me Shamet is gonna give up his touches to AD?! Remind me the date The 5th? Ok Im in Doesnt make a difference to me anything outside of courtside is all the same HOMEOWNER JIMMY SPENDING THAT MORTGAGE MONEY Jimmy where is your house Like exact address So I can TP it Hell yeah. Christine has to move out for a week so we can build. Rengel
Gundy
Ian
Jimmy
Dylan
Brock
Mark
Clayton
Dubov Thats 9 More importantly it signals to Dame that the organization hears him and wants to make the most of his prime ?Only 666 miles away! Woof. Lmao the nba is fucking stupid if theyre gonna allow lawsuits against their talent. Thats the product. Nobody gives a shit. Thats exactly what somebody would say if they wanted you to click a sketch link... ???? To be fair I think a lot of people were out on Vonleh But yes, the rest of that is accurate He also waived Tim Frazier. Motherfucker. AND HE TRADED ED DAVIS HOW THE FUCK DOES THIS GUY STILL HAVE A JOB Well, not trade. But you get the point. Didnt resign him. Lol Im dead https://twitter.com/jasonrmcintyre/status/1089913871014346753?s=12 Holy shit lol thats so embarrassing for our franchise Yeah but hes still the best signature athlete BBB has ever had Houman please share your thoughts on Jack Nicholson. Yeah, youre right. Jack has pretty much hit his ceiling. Not really sure what else there is for him to do. I still hate Odell but if he shows up and does what hes supposed to on Friday I will feel less hate Wow youre absolutely right Matty Our photographer looks like Jeff bridges with shorter hair and its tripping me out Next time he asks me about a shot Im gonna say Well, thats just, like, your opinion, man. I love that. Building up Dame while simultaneously tearing down Neil. Oh sick so if the playoffs started today we would get swept by James harden I mean the Cavs made the finals with Ty Lue as coach soooooo Ok but thats basically my point. The more talent you put together, the less you need a magician of a coach to make drastic adjustments The bulls could have Phil Jackson back and still fucking suck Because they have no talent Im working with David Finchers sister today and I gotta say... she sucks. Global warming is fake news Yesterday on PTI Uncle Tony said they should lock Cody Parkey outside to ice the kicker and I almost cried. nerd. That doesnt support my narrative so Ill choose to ignore it. Jesus fucking christ I was fucking kidding but I shouldve known this asshole would go there Yesterday he retweeted himself and I thought that was the worst thing he could do on twitter. But there he goes doubling down. GIMME RANDLE Holy shit Im drunk. I was at a bar with a live band with a fiddle player and they let you smoke cigs indoors. I love the south. Yeah it rules I also just rode an elevator with a Pimp and his hoe Wait does this mean the nuggets are gonna win the title since youre moving there? That was my next question. When do the heat visit Denver Nah 69 Misses the FT Chad is high on that mile high kush Meyers. Who says no? DSJ for Kristaps seems stupid for the Knicks but hey its a jimmy dolan org Kristaps and Doncic gonna be lethal He absolutely is But now they can have both! Lmao Knickstape When is draymonds deal up I just want him to go to another team and suck Its gonna be great We werent willing to trade meyers Damn well Melo is dead anyway because cam just murdered him in cold blood Dehaan and Sami should just pick opposites. He has been a very solid fantasy pickup Im a better GM than Neil I heard it was Rondo *or* Lance lmao The fact that Gabe and I have hotels two blocks apart is big trouble for everybody here Gundy that Dwight Jaynes triggered me so hard ??????? Also whos got some powder in their bovada account? I got a hot one. Til new ownership Ok so Gabe has timed the national anthem rehearsal 5 times And its been 1:59 on the dot every time I dont think so DeHaan. But he should be able to determine the Gatorade color today He said he could. He did last year I guess. I think he said 69-69 tie That seems like a no brainer. CJ needs to be on the table. He needs to drive to IKEA, buy the table, build the table, and pull the chair out for any GM that wants to make a trade. Vs who Patriots fans are so goddamn obnoxious I dont dislike the patriots. I dislike their idiot fans. This dude just walked into the bar of a pretty nice restaurant in full face paint and started yelling go Pats because the bar echos But I do love Katie Nolan and theres a good chance shell be at Ian Karmels show in Atlanta tonight and I want to go Snoop is DJing this Sports Illustrated and its just ok. But hes smoking a blunt inside the college football HOF which is sick. I can only assume said blunt is a tribute to cliff harris lil Wayne just hit the stage with the double cup ?This dude looks like Tyrone biggums Negative. Gabe ignored that question. Goddamnit I wake up from a nap and Rodney fucking Hood is a blazers? Im going back to sleep. What happened to being a master of finding second round talent Fucking all of them lol it sounds like ICE attested 21 Savage? I just saw mr Savage last night at our brand space ?How rich do you guys wanna get? I couldnt get in to that stupid fucking tailgate party I just wanted fucking beer ?The bad news is its gonna take me a while to get down to the field and take my clothes off. The good news is they do sell beer up here. My girl! Tails is literally the easiest bet of all time. Never fails. Only 37 more points to go This was almost as enjoyable as the red box bowl Holy shit bagley ?? adubov@gmail.com Wait Ian like king street station in Seattle? DR HOUMAN WITH THE WELL, ACTUALLY Lol what is there left to negotiate? The door is complete wide open and Neil doesnt even want to take a peek inside. Jackass. CJ, Collins, Aminu, and Simons plus a couple picks is a better deal. Theres an A$AP Rocky concert at the memorial coliseum tonight You need to secure your bag? I was going to take the MAX What bar are we going to? Oh shit I just ate a burrito for lunch why did I do that ^lives in New York for one month South beach idk He didnt offer you a ride? Terry wouldve given you a ride ? GUNDY THE LAKERS TRADED THE UKRAINE MAKER ARE YOU KIDDING ME They do players only every week Thats pretty interesting Stanley Johnson never became what I thought he would ? You mean keep the Aminu that couldnt even hit two threes last night? Fuck that. What about Wayne Brady? This has been a relatively uneventful deadline. WHERE IS THE CRAZY SHIT I KNOW ITS COMING BUT WE GOT RODNEY HOOD THO We couldnt have gotten in on that, though, right? Not if theyre trying to dump salary? https://twitter.com/mdotbrown/status/1093314645631295488?s=12 normally disagree with almost everything Myles has ever tweeted but I couldnt agree more with this https://twitter.com/hohighlights/status/1093318985578364928?s=12 BENCH HIS SELFISH ASS (Then trade him to Portland) 0% chance they move Beal. Hes the one they want to build around. They have the sorriest roster in the league though Nope. Trevor is still banned from Portland. ?I think I just became a Canes fan o KD makes it so hard for me to like him. I want to like him so bad because the dude is an incredibly player who loves the game. But goddamn why you gotta be so sensitive? neil is making me sick today so I might have to burn one Chad is that your burner? I love the cover photo for that account lmao ?? Lol no please share Also I went on a fucking tirade about neil in a group chat of nike/oregon bros yesterday and they were like damn, youre really hot on this one, Dubov. And I just want to say I really appreciate you guys for understanding because they clearly dont. Actually clay I think you would fit in most of them hate Kate brown and AOC Callahan is in there and its great cause he just stokes the fire https://twitter.com/overtime/status/1093559309382836224?s=12 BET THE FARM ON THE BUCKS Neil has spent all day patting himself on the back for the big move he made this year To where? BRING BACK TRADER BOB https://twitter.com/bobbymarks42/status/1093574456189030401?s=12 motherfucking morey http://www.sportspromedia.com/news/g-league-twitch-streaming-rights?utm_source=Newsletters&utm_campaign=bce508672b-HSD_January_15_COPY_01&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_3f77fb2fcb-bce508672b-309839773 Start following me on twitch cause Im finna start calling games for the South Bay lakers https://twitter.com/pelicansnba/status/1093509820529954816?s=12 Hell yeah Rengel Ian you should be encouraging this. Theyre just trying to become the worst franchise so they can move to Seattle. ?? Oh holy shit Bucks vs. Raptors ECF is going to be insane Lol no Jimmy is going to destroy that team from the inside The Jump just showed the replay of the Blazers trading Clyde to the Rockets for Otis Thorpe and a pick But like, wasnt that pretty much as a favor to Clyde to send him home? Ah gotcha Id say its a good move for both I want a Kings vs. Warriors first round match up Harrison Barnes revenge series Lmao yes How the east will finish:
Warriors
Nuggets
Rockets
Thunder
Blazers
Spurs
Lakers
Kings Shit youre right. But you get the point https://twitter.com/kcjhoop/status/1093582297939488769?s=12 MAGIC DID IT! HE MADE IT HAPPEN! https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1093592360934694912?s=21 OH SHIT NEIL DID IT THE BLOCKBUSTER Hey can we actually get RoLo off the scrap pile when he gets waived? Lmao one of the replies to that woj tweet: this reshapes the league FOR FUCKING JONATHAN SIMMOONS ARE YOU KIDDING ME Elton Brand take a bow That shit was tight Cam ? Go to hell, Rengel. https://twitter.com/hornets/status/1093637871020445698?s=12 #NAME? https://www.instagram.com/p/Btmb-OQgvgI/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=z07mhrowar1q for what, exactly? ?Goddamn put some respect on PGAs name! This snake is out here throwing a dead man under the bus when we all know hes the one afraid to trade his guys! Im enraged Neil is Eric from Madison Hotels. Fucking weasel. Good lord. Get Neils modicum out of your mouth if youre gonna say something. ?This guy would definitely suck off neil for flipping Swanigan for Skal Jacob Parks looks like he thinks its totally normal Tom Brady kisses his kid on the mouth Jacob Parks agrees with Elle Leonard. lmao did Kevin Harlan just say resting your load? Pop seems like hes in a good mood tonight. Must be that Oregon vino. LFG God I hope that it snows all of next week so I can stay home and watch champions league What a dream Did every active blazer play? Brock theyre talking about your stat. 0-21 when trailing after 3 Oh look Portland Gear is doing their own Air Max Day https://www.instagram.com/p/Btmsbj6h474/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=ob03f0cepw5y https://www.instagram.com/p/BtnGg_yANYq/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=15e2p2paojs8e ? its happening Wow Chad how quickly have you forgotten about Mt. Hoods 14 points on 6-7 shooting Do you think maybe you owe a certain front office executive an apology? You mean when Rodney played like shit in the playoffs? Really need a better showing out of Matt and Chad in the Superliga the next few days. Brock and Dehaan need to go down. Do it for the greater good. https://soundcloud.com/thissongissickmixes/winter-chill-mix-vol-5-final-final CARIS BACK ? Houman if youre gonna post videos of my JV2 highlights at least tag me Im kidding Hoomie. But what Im not kidding about is thats actually a terrible Closeout by Zion. Never leave your feet, big fella. Rockets should be absolutely embarrassed of their defense on that last possession good lord Good lord 9 of the blazers next 10 are on the road? Is there a congressional Democrat that *isnt* running for President? lol like Amy Klobuchar just entered the race Without googling it can any of you tell me who she represents currently Kuz on pace for 92!!! You would be correct DAME IS COOKING Horse Terrys rotations might cost us this game Dame sat most of the 4th And terry didnt manage Nurks minutes correctly Nah Those were both good no calls lol Houman please Neither of those were fouls and even if they were they have nothing to do with 10 scoreless minutes Dame had a huge third quarter But this goes back to Terry not being able to adjust in game. Sure the start of the 4th is when you normally rest Dame but you cant leave your all-NBA guard on the bench in a close game when nobody else can get buckets. Even if thats your normal rotation And youre right Gundy. Moe put up 5 & 4 why is he in during crunch time Oh awesome thats gonna do wonders for his matchup vs Russ tomorrow I think maybe Rip City Keith might not be looking it at through the most objective lens lol I dont see any tweets from rip city Keith about the couple of phantom fouls they called on Powell and Kerber lol Earlier in the game Wait Alicia Keys is married to Swizz Beats?! Yeah I dont follow celebrity marriages and that such I just recently discovered that Brad Pitt and Jennifer Aniston arent together anymore KACEY MUSGRAVES IS MY QUEEN https://twitter.com/pdxalerts/status/1094968441155465216?s=12 damn Space if you really wanted some voodoo doughnuts that bad you couldve just asked And Boucher got a permanent contract Lets go raptors Homecoming I need a snow day Wednesday. I need basketball practice to be canceled so I can go to the Blazers vs. Warriors game. And call KD a baby back bitch I know. But maybe I can get some ice? Just enough to cancel evening activities at Beaverton Schools. God damn you and your reasoning with logic Knicks at Cavs tonight is... well, its... something. Ians Heat at Chads Nugs tonight. Any tasty side bets going down? https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1095049352840658944?s=12 fuuuuuuck this motherfucker figured out how to use google translate Gotta bring him in just to wreck meyers Im fucking sick of seeing keto shit on instagram. These people are worse than vegans. Yeah it is Great he got fouled on the last possession Doesnt make the rotation mismanagement any better Or the terrible shot selection What does it say about your team that you needed to hope for a bailout call against a mediocre team to get out if blowing a huge lead? Nah I dont buy that Donaghy excluded, a referee has never been the deciding factor in the outcome of a game Lol no fucking way How many offensive possession did the blazers have that game? How many terrible shots by CJ? How many blown defensive assignments by Moe? To put it on one play is lazy and ignorant Lol wrong They put themselves in that situation The refs didnt If anything the refs gave them breaks on a couple phantom calls before that Im tired of this last two minutes review bullshit as if the entire game didnt build up to that. Thats ignoring how the game has been called. Ok but a call is a call. If that play happened at the end of the third quarter nobody would be talking about it but it wouldve had the same two point swing and impact on the game. Time and situation is a cop out Two points is two points Whether its 35 minutes in or 47 minutes in If Dame knows they havent been making that call (and I know he does because hes never not talking to the refs) then that probably wasnt the best play. But thats not really on him. He should not have been sitting for the first 7 minutes of the fourth quarter. I dont have patience for excuses. You either did it right or you did it wrong and if you did it wrong you gotta own it. But its nobody elses fault big lol at Lamar trying to defend CJs travel saying he was doing the same thing James harden does lmao But Gundy were the youngest team in the league MY HOOS WITH A HUGE WIN ?You guys I definitely made fun of this nerd in high school Fucking Bif. Now hes living my dream of being a jeopardy champion. Karma is a bitch. Ah fucking Bif lost Race to 69 I do and I will Sent tell me if it didnt work If youre gonna get into B1G basketball allow me to introduce you to Teddy Valentine lmao The worst lol Lol I want to read it What the fuck is the point of this article He has a drivers permit, but hes not taking his drivers test until later in the fall. It sucks, he says. My mom has to drive me everywhere, but whatever. kewl. The Netflix one? Lol good to know You could always rewatch Juwanna Man instead Tualatin Olive Garden Hell yeah we did But he didnt wanna sit with us We offered I love DTF so much Gary Vee fucking sucks That dude is a bullshit artist Jason Stein can SMDFTB I just saw a couple nutria in the lake circling a flock of ducklings. Wheres Matt Hanna when you need him? Backpack Kid is suing Fortnite for stealing the Floss and I absolutely dont belong in 2019. Backpack Kid was at the SI party at Super Bowl. They brought him on stage to floss and rap but he was lip syncing and I wanted to throw my drink at him. Michigan State vs Wisconsin tight with 4 left Lmao I just clicked into that Gary Vee post and Will Tukuafu commented on it Really nice lmao coach cal is a pro. basically got a free timeout right there. LFG LSU wins the race to 69, wins the game. Nolan Smith was such trash Did anybody else catch that MOTHERFUCKER. that Tatum dropped on Simmons after he dunked on him ?? You really think Dan Gilbert would sell the Cavs to LeBron? Follow up question: would the contract be written in comic sans? NBA 2K League just signed a deal with Champion Blazers fans are gonna be outnumbered tonight by 12 year olds in Steph Curry jerseys Kai was born in the wrong generation Like literally hes a bigger bitch. He weighs way more. Did your brand really send a valentines email if they didnt use heart emojis in the ?? subject line ?? COYS Suck it Dortmund Lmao Ok but what was this offer sheet We signed him as a free agent well, maybe. It could cut ZC out. Fucking Neil over here claiming Portland isnt a destination for big name free agents and then he goes and signs one. Sandbagging sonofabitch. BIG. NAME. FREE. AGENT. Too bad Kanter cant play tonight vs. KD & Boogie. Would love to see that shit talking. We got any good Turkish restaurants in PDX? Yeah theres some great Lebanese food but not the same. Sleeper cell. Interesting. ? You cant win a playoff series unless you tighten up the rotation. Well see if Terry can do it. He can but he shouldnt Tom Morello and Young Thug on the same stage is insulting. Nicolas fucks. We need to do a JCSL Supper Club? there. Leavitt basically quit. Said he didnt get along with other coaches. Hopefully we can finally find somebody of Marcus Arroyos caliber for the defensive side of the ball Damn the blazers game day poster was sold out 30 minutes before tipoff https://www.instagram.com/p/Bt10LHYgKxL/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=41ai2m86jq28 I love retro stuff. Like this throwback picture of Ray Felton as a blazer I was blessed enough to get Nike suite tix tonight. That also means I get to sit here and listen to people who dont know dick about basketball but at least theres free soda and popcorn. Also a couple Dubs fans in here that should be fired Typing the email right now Matty Lol I literally just heard a woman next to me say those shoes are awful. they dont even match his outfit. ? lol Ashley just asked me why he didnt shoot Kenny Mauer aint here for Draymonds bullshit Honestly I think the best part of being an NBA player would be always having somebody rebound for you when youre getting shots up What a luxury Nurk shouldve argued that he lost possession and then got it back No different than Beal Dame gonna need every ounce of that biofreeze after this game Hey Cam kindly tell Turner he can suck out collective dicks Lmao refs let it get to this point but I hope Zach beats Klays ass I think its pretty obvious which curry brother is better Thats just some good old fashioned eastern Washington banter Shoutout to the kid in the warriors jersey and his brother in the blazers jersey with a sign that says meet my brother, the traitor. Under 5 minutes and we have Curry, Hood, ET, Layman, and Collins Kerr is a mark ass hoe Mark Ill bet you 20 and give you +500 I love Dame talking to Zach on the walk back to the bench. https://twitter.com/sethbawl/status/1095926677996068864?s=21 ?Some very fine people on both sides Yeah They have Cedi & Sauce so your point is what exactly?! Lmao Jimmy Haslam ended Flying Js sponsorship agreement with ESPN because they wrote a not-so-favorable article about him and the Browns. Petty ass motherfucker. is there a discernible difference between long term and short term? Like Duke is always good so are those bandwagon fans now just actual fans? Right. Lakers fans. Is that a veiled shot at LeBron? Even though Baker planted a flag at midfield of his alma mater? https://twitter.com/mrmichaellee/status/1095933201514676225?s=12 Wrong. Even if the call was wrong he doesnt have the right to go crazy on Ken Mauer. Ken Mauer is a veteran official and one of the best in the league. He gave Draymond a very long leash last night on some bullshit because hes a pro who doesnt take shit personally. He looked like Jordan Belfort lol ? If its Leupold do I have to stand up and applaud every time hes on the court? If anybody is getting a Leupold tattoo its gonna be Meyers Stolen Valor Leonard https://twitter.com/heytherejeffro/status/1095445818918690816?s=12 Lmao Probably all of the #brands that #disrupted Valentines Day Brands are human, right? All of the NBA and NCAA game today are ass. That line seems super low. Like theyre gonna fucking smash the Pels. LO fucking L at the sporting goods store going out of business because he boycotted Nike/Kaep Lmao shut up really? Dud the replies to the CFL tweet were amazing *dude Hes really gonna clog up the middle was my favorite AD done for the year He left with a shoulder injury Yeah Ainge is gonna fuck the Pels February Ainge: Oh yeah sure, sure. Well definitely include Tatum, Brown, and Rozier.
July Ainge: Jayson who? Not sure who youre referring to. Heres all Horford, though. Oh, sorry. That deal was only valid with Dell. Non-transferrable. You understand. Yeah I think everybody knows how this is gonna play out lol The Lakers deal will look different. Theyre gonna say No, you shouldve taken this deal when we offered it to you. Now it looks like this. Jump on the grenade? I like that. Except the Lakers win that situation anyway because they know AD will come there in FA. BUT its a year later and LeBron is a year older. Im talking in circles somebody take my coffee away from me Man I wish Jimmy would just go away. Im tired of hearing his name. For real yeah he kinda fucked himself Who you cheering for Just checking I bet it was $69MM https://twitter.com/kingjosiah54/status/1096490354214195200?s=12 Im in a cooking class right now and there is a retired couple named Jim & Pam. Im half expecting Jim to pull a prank. Thats just something you say publicly Well, all 28 teams. We know Neil isnt in the mix. lmao I love it Good thing Steph got that paper cause he gonna need it https://twitter.com/overtime/status/1096838768089329665?s=12 About how many total minutes of nascar do you think Dame has watched in his life? And Talladega Nights doesnt count Me too chad. Theyre great I know Mark likes them too. #DuckBootBoyz Did his career ever begin? Trae beat Luka! Who *really* got the better side of that deal Kemba gonna take all his threes off the dribble Somebody splash some money for me on Dame +800 Can you get me 10? Bad boy Beautiful Allie Laforce good god Fuck the arts tax That was the dopest shot Ive ever seen *shit What the fuck is a diallo? Is that some sort of kidney treatment Its fucking dope I love it That was a fucking trash anthem Idk who Anthony Hamilton is but maybe he should find another hobby That was horrendous lol I have some pretty fucking broad musical tastes But that has nothing to do with the star spangled banner Not many can do that song well Yeah it was trash lol sharing tweets is pointless Its just as easy to find tweets to support my opinion But yall are super butthurt about this lol lol you guys can try to make it a race thing all you want But that aint it I dont listen to r&b but that doesnt mean I dont like it I would prefer that kid gets run over by some runaway wal mart shopping carts Shoulda had K-Ci & JoJo imo K-Ci is a North Carolinian Home court in the finals is way too important to decide in an exhibition like this Definitely just give them $10m to split amongst the winning team Yeah they do and the mlb all star game still sucks Definitely bring the jerseys back Good god Giannis KD definitely voted for himself on burner twitter accounts Honestly its pretty fucked up that known friend of the JCSL didnt ask Dame to comment on our thoughts on Neil/CJ and possibly securing AD ?For once it actually made sense when Guy said thats out of bounds Gundy how many hallucinogens are you currently on? https://twitter.com/scoutwithbryan/status/1097588457482838016?s=12 this dude is getting ratiod into the fucking sun lmao #Hornets30 #ClipperNation #HEATCulture #Rockets 





fuck the spurs. That $380 is mine. The Heat and Rockets will climb back and hit their overs and the Spurs will choke. Al-Amir is on Portland Dining Month. Shall we indulge? Fuck you, Houman. FSU @ Clemson tonight and Maryland @ Iowa. Nova @ GTown tomorrow. Florida @ LSU tomorrow. Louisville @ Cuse tomorrow. UNC AT MOTHERFUCKING DUKE TOMORROW. Interviewing? Ah gotcha Gundy how is your spirit quest going man your Tuesday sounds way more sick than mine What the actual fuck, man. https://twitter.com/i/events/1098001639590420481 Wow this is a v tasty remix https://open.spotify.com/track/6MLvUL2dYphJTwgiBvuJ1J?si=GgSHo1xfRI-QnnmoJboXow This is the dumbest shit Ive ever seen https://twitter.com/sportscenter/status/1098316391357255682?s=12 Im so fucking heated KYRIE IRVING PLAYED 11 GAMES AND ZERO AGAINST UNC Im going Laettner, Redick, Stack, Grant Hill, James Worthy Why isnt Ray Felton on this list Or BIG THREE overall first pick Rashad McCants I saw chase on campus the other day. Hes looking pretty strong, dude. I changed mine to Laettner, Hansbrough, Jay, Grayson, and Sheed. Were going to be the most hated team in NCAA history. But were already in your head. Yeah maybe all these Syracuse j school alum at espn can cover the story Is there a Starbucks nearby? #Schulz2020 Chameleon is good Or Stumptown Im gonna miss the zers game unfortunately. I was looking forward to this one. But Ill probably catch the second half of Boston vs Milwaukee Kings vs. Dubs and Rockets vs. Lakers will be sick https://twitter.com/bleacherreport/status/1098667925614006273?s=12 lmao My guy Cash money is the only option His cell mate definitely gonna know who he is Im with Ian. I think this guy really fucked himself. So did they actually pour bleach on him or is that just what his false statement said? Im in Rengel houman your chances are pretty much 0% for both But Ill gladly participate in yours as well Rengel is your friend Dwayne Benjamin? Pussy. Lol houman you arent going to win anyway so what difference does it make Houman who do you think will be in the final four? Alright I just tuned in what did I miss has Meyers played yet There are more than 5 minutes left why is Dame already in Joe Harris shouldve picked up the foul on that Nurk dunk not JA Malcom Brogdon just lost his shoe. Get it the fuck together Nike!!!!! Are Bugs and Porky gonna be on an episode of The Shop? Whats the rule here? Does the shotclock start on the tip or on possession? lmao why? Did you just sprain your knee? lolololol fuck Kyrie https://twitter.com/billsimmons/status/1098992577313796097?s=12 More similar than different you and ol Bobby K Mirotic gonna shoot the lights out in the playoffs Mueller talking to 6ix9ine as we speak Their new show is good PG ?? My favorite movie of all time is Bunky Goes to New Orleans Incredible I cant believe the Andersons got tickets https://twitter.com/big_business_/status/1099515575607291904?s=12 This is pornography Also I didnt realize Ja was so big in Milwaukee https://twitter.com/krangtnelson/status/1099779142776733702?s=12 https://twitter.com/theonion/status/1099830100701470722?s=12 wow you guys I just saw Diego Maradona on campus ? Embarrassing we dont have more imo Ok were good now Here comes Boise Clay I almost went to Emerson Theyre probably just trying to empathize with their fellow Oregonians stuck on that Amtrak train Ralph Lawler and Don McLean fucking suck. Gundy Im laughing my ass off at your tweets I havent even watched that movie and its still hilarious I mean, I certainly appreciate trying something new but the story that youre filming still has to have substance lol What does the JCSL consider to be the best non-documentary hoops film? I only say non-doc because Hoop Dreams is a class of its own Punch the keys, damn it! Which one of you racists is gonna claim Hoosiers Coach Carter is absolutely a top tier sunday afternoon TV movie Celtic Pride only has 9% on RT and thats a fucking travesty Im gonna go with Space Jam Ian you strike me as a Thunderstruck kinda guy Juwanna Man, 6th Man, Just Wright, Teen Wolf, Like Mike 2: Streetball Lmao I remember that movie I dont think they think double teamed means the same thing that I think it means Rob Corddry?! Lmao We need a JCSL Movie Night Also Ive never seen the Air Up There, but isnt the coachs name Jimmy Dolan? OoOoOoOo for Bob Kraft massaged? *massages lol wrong chat. thats meant for Gabey poo lol just gabe. Hes going to Thailand I guess Nah I post stuff all the time in my other group chat that was meant for you guys Lol when it comes to analytics this chat is more Daryl Morey, that chat is more Neil Olshey. That chat is my wife. Ive been with her since before the JCSL was born. Were pretty much just staying together for the kids. Yep Nope. And no hope solo pics either Yeah wait what Trumpito getting dragged by Cohen on failing CNN Hes taking more shots than Curtis Jackson Lmao idk that those shots at Don Jr were totally necessary but Ill allow it lmao Will Ferrell is going to play Chuck Blazer in a movie about FIFA Goddamnit that own goal was so Spursy One of the intern candidates I interviewed today was badmouthing Portland Gear and I almost hired him on the spot I fucked up by not following up with What are your thoughts on ML Brand? Gunnys letting it ride *gundy Who scores more points tonight: Kyrie or Jake? That looks exactly like my bank in three at beaverton high school my freshman year on Jv2 https://twitter.com/lilnofriends/status/1100528563676213251?s=12 Happy birthday to my large Slovenian son. Hard to believe hes not a teenager anymore. They just grow up so fast! Hassan Whiteside didnt play last night?! What the fuck He wasnt listed as any sort of injury status IAN YOU GOT SOME EXPLAINING TO DO Not in Yahoo Fantasy He didnt have any sort of tag Left 25 points on the table last night Thats some garbage. At 3:30 PT when I set my lineup he was fine. Fucking Yahoo. Mens or womens Ehh pass Thank god I cant listen to his shit anymore he just couldnt live with 68 career touchdowns Lol asshole ?Ian I found you a new wallpaper My favorite part is the double thumbs up from Timmy lol Look how excited he is Oh wow you guys are in other chats?! LFG GOLDEN BEARS This might be an unpopular opinion, but Im not really that down with FOX Sports bringing back Roundball Rock. It should only be used for NBA imo God I love watching 4s hitting short corner jumpers vs a zone I cant wait for Oregon to win the Pac-12 tourney and the dawgs not getting an at large Only 69 spots left for the March Madness Speaker series event with Steve Blake on 3.15. Definitely getting a nice spot that event. Idk if you guys got this Portland Trailblazers survey from the University of Oregon but some of the questions are fantastic ?? lol yes And the answer is very likely I mean, it IS fun to eat tasty treats and have some drinks. Man I fucking wish Simmons is interviewing Silver at Sloan right now. Live video on Twitter. https://twitter.com/ringer/status/1101571244409802754 Should we get him a card? https://twitter.com/pdxbrocialite/status/1101586774713749504?s=12 Im so triggered When the hell did Jeremy Lin go to Toronto How many teams has been traded to Is that a ref you suck chant? Its not very Canadian of them Surely theyll apologize Sorrey for using the s-word That was piss poor clock management by the blazers What the fuck was CJ thinking on that three with 24 seconds? Brutal Two very winnable games coming up. Could finish 6-1 on this road trip which is way better than expected. 4OT between two ass teams is not something anybody needs Mike Budenholzer always looks like he has to fart but is worried it might be a shart. Hassan not playing is fucking killing me ? This Timbers game is wild Kenny Wooten wyd Atl vs Chi rematch today. We getting 4 more OT? The Celtics and Rockets should both shut the fuck up and play ball. And CP3. And Morris. And Smart. And Gordon. And Capela. Matty I was standing next to him at our training space in Atlanta and I was doing everything I could not to just stare at it. Its even worse in person. My buddy on the comms team knows AB and asked him yo whats the deal with the stache? AB was like what you dont like? Im just doing me Lmao Trae got ejected for the dumbest shit Nba is soft as butter Shit I just checked the butter in my fridge and youre right I like the shop but it would be so much better if Mav wasnt in it lol wtf safeco is now t-mobile park? ???? Where is the lie? https://twitter.com/shaunking/status/1102457783247691777 If only they had a risk management chair walking around taking phones away ?the Hamberdlar is at it again With NDSU this time https://twitter.com/koin6traffic/status/1102727227366563840?s=12 Beaverton bros dont try to get into downtown via 26 https://twitter.com/mrbrando3/status/1102696052367323136?s=12 https://twitter.com/gifdsports/status/1102766539437158401?s=12 https://twitter.com/jeffmerkley/status/1102768260309647360?s=12 lmao foh Jeff Wait DeHaan did you get a new job and is this how you get down now? Oh man that rules. Wait follow up question since LinkedIn answers my first one Are you Spencers boss now? Wow I hope it includes multnomah village Yeah I do unfortunately This season has been absolute dogshit Dude didnt even really play in the nfl he was on a practice squad Eight fucking weeks theyve been building up this episode and he finally jumped over the fence big deal Cassie was my pick the first night and she *spoiler alert* fucked it up. I also picked the sloth girl though so what the hell do I know Just looking for that final rose ?Me watching Colton talk about being a virgin He looks like he just shot up that sweet, sweet black tar heroin Lol yeah they did dehaan The Celtics revisionist history on the Simmons pod is hilarious. They went from treating them like an impending dynasty to we probably shouldve lost to the bucks and Sixers last year we werent that good. Yeah bro. You really think were about to let some other motherfuckers come to LA and own the moment? nope. You missed your moment to own the moment. Nah, were trying to be part of the conversation, not own it. Its inauthentic to own the conversation. ? Oh yeah happy birthday dude is that why you were such a party animal last night You didnt say it in the JCSL so you that means you didnt say it. What are you sending personal birthday texts now? Oh man if there was member overlap between group texts I would probably leave one. Its the like how the WAGs and side pieces sit on opposite sides of the arena at NBA games. You cant let that shit overlap. If you have to ask... Cameron I dont know if you know this but Im fairly popular. I have over 700 Twitter followers and even more LInkedIn Connections. ?? Mine are not. Neither are my LinkedIn connections. I also have many attractive women DMing name on Instagram with messages like Hey whats up or How you doing handsome and based on their 0 followers and 0 posts I can only assume they very recently legitimately joined Instagram and their first order of business was to seek out fine gentlemen such as hmyself. I know we have some Stoolies in here and at the risk of pissing you off and having you send an army of Stoolies at me, this is objectively hilarious https://twitter.com/miel/status/1102688419556159489?s=12 Yeah it definitely seems like Twitter didnt do their due diligence here. But Barstool definitely has their backs against the wall because of accumulating violations and theyre trying to get out of it. I would say that most of the people there suck and if they dont suck theyre turning a blind eye to the behavior and policies of the people who do suck which makes them just as sucky. But the issue here is that Barstool messed up, apologized for it, then later down the road realized it had more impact than they thought and tried to get out of it through some questionable tactics. Absolutely. But those young kids entering the media world should probably be taught the correct way to walk back mistakes instead of kicking it over to their Michael Cohen-esque legal team to fix. Totally. But when your big organization has a shitty reputation when it comes to dealing with women, maybe be extra thoughtful. I dont know Miel but Ive heard her on enough podcasts to assume shes generally a reasonable person. She didnt go looking for this fight and Im willing to bet if they had been honest with her from the jump about it being an honest mistake and they couldnt risk another violation, she probably wouldve been more willing to work with them on it. But offering her a $50 gift card to their online store and then going back to Twitter with legal action probably not the best move Shes been on All Fantasy Everything a bunch of times and shes generally ok with dumb bro banter But Barstool is a different level To me theres a massive difference between targeting barstool because you dont like their brand of humor and reacting to barstool violating content rights and then harassing you about it I didnt see it, no ah yes I just found it And hes right, Twitter isnt the forum to deal with it Big Cat & PFT are smart dudes and I like them but I cant justify promoting their brand by downloading/listening. I think youre right, theyre gonna bounce at some point in the future now that theyve built up their own personal brands on a larger scale I would hope so. I dont know how much more benefit they get out of staying. Blazers cover no problem tonight. Am I right Gundy? Line dropped by a point over the day Its really a damn shame that Travis Outlaw isnt still on the blazers. He would really thrive in this close game at Memphis. s/o to mike Conley. Hes a real one. Really great road trip Im not upset about this loss I bet we go 13-5 the rest of the way 5-2 road trip is so much better than it shouldve been Im not gonna be Lamar Hurd and make excuses for the team but they just played 9 of their last 10 on the road And Mike Conley is always a beast but tonight he was extraordinary So my point is: ??????? Now, if we drop upcoming games to the Suns, Lakers, Wolves, Pelicans, then Im gonna be pissed. we couldve and possibly shouldve lost the Nets and Celtics games too. Its easy to play that game. I mean the Memphis game is in the past now, too. ? Oh boy. I have bad news for you chad We are an average team. I mean, Im not not satisfied. Hey man, not all of us are blessed to be nuggets fans lol I never said its cool we lost a game I said that was a great road trip which I think everybody would agree is true Sure I think we shouldve beat the Grizzlies but I also think we shouldve lost to the Celtics, Raptors, Nets, and Sixers so overall Im really satisfied with the road trip Ok but nothing in the NBA happens in a vacuum Lmao This isnt a video game dude so there are absolutely no other factors at play besides the fact that its a basketball game in a vacuum? Or so our win at the Warriors in December wasnt worth it because we lost tonight? ITS PLAYERS ONLY BABY Yeah I dont wait. Ill come back later. Unfortunately Barstool Sports has idiots in our company much like many other companies and those idiots acted like idiots, Portnoy said. I regret our lawyer offering a 50 dollar gift card to our store not because its illegal in any manner but its just so moronic and makes us look like assholes. Thats why lawyers should not be on social media. Not sure I would want to work for a boss that publicly called me an idiot No love for the Bucks and Raptors? I think theyre both legit. Barring injury. Literally none of these teams looks the same this year so idk how much comparing you can really do Gundy just revealed himself as an FO mole. I think we lose to HOU Same Yeah Houston is clicking KEEP JAS NAME OUT YO MOUF I have a bunch of friends at the /// Again, because Im popular. You know this, Cameron. But lets sidebar and I can maybe connect you with the right person lol psg lolololol Lmao Dan Gilbert is launching a podcast. Are pods officially dead? And do you think LeBron is going to subscribe, rate, and review? If anybody needs 3 hours of get work done music, new Lane8 mixtape is out https://soundcloud.com/lane8music/lane-8-spring-2019-mixtape Adidas? I have a bunch of buddies that work there In various BUs Lol yeah #threestriplelife /// Ah, no I dont know anybody there. Real hot take there Matty Pancakes and sandwich? Somebody show me some goddamn fundamentals Im starting a fundamental revolution Lately? DeHaan hes been trash all season. His decision making is awful Wow Rengel didnt know you were sitting courtside Nike guy for sure Huzzah! Sports! You gotta give me a trigger alert dude Oh good an Aminu corner brick under two minutes. Just what I was hoping for. Wish somebody would fucking box out. George Paul? Any relation to Logan> He got away with goaltending for sure Lmao Reggie playing fast and loose with the term headbutt What the fuck kinda rule is that lmao Its gremlin jizz Wanna bet I think that if you call And 1! but you miss the bucket you should only get one FT instead of two. We swept them last year, didnt we? https://twitter.com/oregonian/status/1103906300650414080?s=12 wow talk about salt on the wounds lol wed also be another half game back if Steve Kerr hadnt tossed a clipboard two weeks ago whats your point Wed also be ANOTHER half game back if we hadnt beat LeBron opening night. You wanna keep going? No such thing as a gimme in the NBA dude no such thing https://www.miamiherald.com/news/politics-government/article227186429.html Who? Oh I know who biggie is Whos Wesley Restbrook My man Lovitz rocking a fit back in the day Curry, Layman, Hood, Kanter, Collins is a very strange lineup https://twitter.com/trailblazers/status/1104758811145908225?s=12 dame about to miss a couple games with pink eye https://twitter.com/gedv86/status/1104511307259281409?s=12 Jon Lovitz is the vibe Im going for with Coachella outfits Solid player. Definitely a top 10 talent but remains to be seen how he plays in a system. Alright heres your take: hes gonna have a better nba career than Lonzo and Trae God damn the ducks cant buy a bucket right now Yeah youre right Well I think this is probably as good a time as any to announce to you guys that Im also running for President in 2020. See you all in Milwaukee. Im getting behind the candidate that has the best value on online gambling sites I bet Jon Lovitz was a big Lakers fan in the showtime era you LA boys going to the clips game tomorrow? https://twitter.com/mancity/status/1105138125163122688?s=12 thats it for city. Theyre done. Fuck OBJ. i dont work on football anymore so in the words of Leslie Chow... Not. My. Problem. ? It was ok. Definitely skippable. He basically stretched 15 minutes of material into an hour special. https://twitter.com/southbaylakers/status/1105211639790415872?s=12 whos picking up Andre for their post season run The best Ingram on the Lakers 7.5 is a lot in a conference championship but Wofford absolutely smoked UNCG both times they played. I would ride it. Fletcher Magee gonna splash tonight. Gundy I fear that I have led you astray. Magee only has 12 and Wofford goes as he goes. Highly questionable is Minnesota even going to make the tournament? I only ask because Minnesota is absolute trash Nice cover Gundy Net ranking is the dumbest fucking thing in sports Youre right Rengel Im looking at bracketology and theyre projected 10 ?This meme is made for a very specific Venn diagram of twitter users and I love squarely in that camp Zags covered by 1 Wowowow I bet he would say it to Enes Kanter. Lmao twitter is the best The majority of twitter is bullshit but nobody fact checks and so it spreads like wildfire I wasnt there last night so I dont know what really happened but I will say this - Im much more inclined to believe Russ. He has way more to lose so theres really no upside to him bullshitting all of this. And this is going to be a gross generalization, but dudes like that guy typically do behave like jackasses to players. So while most of the tweets are nonsense, I do believe that dude said some shit to Russ that he really shouldnt have Look I think we can all agree That there are fine people on both sides And that we should probably just move on Is toxic masculinity to blame?! Thinly veiled https://twitter.com/lebatard_reddit/status/1105507556909350914?s=12 With Lulu? lululemon hes their newest endorsement deal Hopefully theres also a ban for Russ! Equality! CRISTIANO! https://twitter.com/thefarmerjones/status/1105572512426012672?s=12 https://twitter.com/andyblarsen/status/1105546287040983042 LMAO SMDFTB ODELL ENJOY CLEVELAND Nah I dont think this will affect his deal Nah hes the nba commissioner Negative https://chipotlerewardme.com/#/ Drop in your phone number on that site and chipotle might Venmo you for a burrito is myspace working? I heard that Imagine Dragons & Fever Spuds are doing the SBLIV halftime show next year Red rocks is near the top of my bucket list Yeah that wouldve been so good The Gang Goes Mile High Rum Ham is objectively one of the greatest episodes in television history. Brock if Ive learned anything from being on Twitter its that I can say whatever wild shit I want and its up to you to prove me wrong. I dont have to be right. Im gonna DM ML Brand a picture of my asshole. Hopefully they pick me! Selfie for sure Student athlete isnt that good Wish I had seen your text earlier. Wouldve saved you the time. Jesus now Beto is in I think we need to institute a one in, one out policy for the Democratic primary Penn State gonna beat Minnesota today. What happens to Minnesota then, Rengel? Houman are you gonna go to the NIT championship to cheer on the Ducks? I hope Jimmy D gives you the ban hammer at MSG Nah I cant claim to be a real duck fan this year Womens team, sure. But Ive maybe watched 3 ducks games which is very unlike me Fuck yeah Im in for that Actually, Ive watched a few more than I thought. Iowa, Syracuse, TX Southern, Houston, OSU, Zona, UW, and UW again. And last night. Were bringing the iPad to dinner tonight at Fogo de Chao for our 8:30pm reservation, though. That sounds like a crippling bang bang Lmao thats terrible I like to infuse my McDouble with a McChicken is that the same thing The McChubble for those not familiar Massive hog Trick question. Its actually a tag team tables & chairs cage fight and Booker tags in Elizabeth Warren who absolute decimates Beto with a folding chair. Honestly Pete buttigieg low-key looks like he could fuck a dude up But also just fuck a dude https://twitter.com/gizmodo/status/1106288892209233920?s=12 FASU That guy has a I just fucked face. He was absolutely giving the queen the business. Does he want to play OL for Oregon? Bucees by a mile. Just went to a Q&A with Steve Blake. He said hes trying to get into the Big 3. Idk the way he phrased it was weird But doesnt he do like muy Thai or some shit? Amen. Take that shit back to the poor seats where it belongs. These refs are fucking awful Holy shit! Congrats brother! Gundy having the biggest dick day LFG THROW IT DOWN ONE TIME PAYTON ZION! SMDFTB UW Wisconsin is so fucked ?????? Alright dr. hoomie I sent you $10 Sponsored by Subway Presented by Sandys Vouchers Womens bracket leaked. Oregon is the #2 in the Portland regional. ? Wes Matthews revenge game? I love that the raise the roof has made a comeback i love myles turner so much big time Had this game circled on the calendar all season as one that I wanted to go to and then I had the pleasure of spending $550 at the vet today so I decided against it. Pretty bummed about it. ? He got mega paid Baseball is going to be super fucked in 5-10 years Nope I was quickly losing interest in this 4 hour meeting but then somebody from the stores team just said mannequin disruption and reeled me back in She didnt elaborate on the mannequin disruption. Im pissed. All she said is that its FA19. Womanniquins should get back in the Kitchen Kaboodle where they belong. we are years behind in gender fluidity Were still trying to figure out how to market to women Should have gender fluidity figured out by 2043 The early announcement for ACC network programming sucks lmao The fuck is ESPN doing SEC network works because theyre all Deep South rednecks ACC network is gonna simultaneous market to southern rednecks, mid-atlantic elites, and New England elites Lifestyles of the bitch and famous Sorry, sorry. Rich and famous. My bad. You should fight Maroney for it Is the pac 12 podcast the shittiest power 5 podcast? $15 = 1.5 Houman brackets Zygi Wilf went to Fairleigh Dickinson. Mr. T and DJ Premier attended Prairie View A&M but did not graduate. (I hope you guys are ready for notable alumni and fun facts for every school that plays in this tournament over the next four days) This next matchup is a really juicy battle of alumni. Belmont University of Nashville, TN vs. Temple University of Philadelphia, PA> Lets start with Belmont. Damon Hininger and R. Milton Johnson. CEOs of the Corrections Corporation of America and the Hospital Corporation of America. For-profit prisons and healthcare facilities, respectively. Brad Paisley, Lee Ann Womack, Trisha Yearwood, Josh Turner, Greg Bates, and BOTH halves of Florida Georgia Line Plus a shit ton more country artists. Now for temple. And boy let me tell you, their alumni list is PROBLEMATIC. Dr. Huxtable himself, Bill Cosby. Fellow alleged sexual deviant Diplo That potty mouth Bob Saget. Noted racist Irving Berlin. Ted Bundy double dipping in this category as he did attend Temple for a semester. And the Scranton Strangler himself - Toby Flenderson Also Jimmy Pop from The Bloodhound Gang lmao Hall & Oates, Noam Chomsky, Adam McKay, Paul F. Tompkins, and Steve Javie also on the list for Temple. Oh Im done lol Oh shit I missed him lol I didnt read his bio. I saw DJ Qualls and assumed he was a shitty DJ Id never heard of Matty that article is hilariou s The Clutch t-shirt cannon State Farm commercial is the best one theyve done since Droppin Dimes https://twitter.com/mlb/status/1108352833320038408?s=12 Big if true Monkey? Really? I wonder if my son is on campus today https://twitter.com/espnfc/status/1108394609116368896?s=12 is Wayne Rooney the best basketball player in DC? Where are the tickets I was trying to take my little brother tonight but I could only find SRO Former Mavs assistant Terry Stotts vs. former Barrel Room legend Mark Cuban Guys I have a great feeling about Oregon. Last time we were a 12 seed in San Jose we beat the #5 and #4 to go to the sweet 16. It me rengel Oh yeah Im not gonna be claiming that credit Only for the women This is going to sound like a bandwagon statement but I actually really do like the way theyre playing now a lot better than the rest of the season but thats because I place tremendous value on defense If they played defense like this st the start of the season I would have been on board Direct result of the defense I dont disagree with that. I left them for dead back in January. Racist Reddit at it again Yes Chalk Im more interested in yalls elite eight. Since brackets locked at 6pm EDT yesterday lets hear it. Bunky do you have Oregon winning both brackets? Minnesota is gonna get absolutely annihilated Side bet? Mark Ill give you 5 ? because thats what I see on Bet Online $20? Whats the expiration date Aint nothin in this world free Can I bet the over on how many impractical jokers commercials Ill see I will take any bet that somebody wants to put on Nevada They are hot garbage If you give me +128 Ian Or we can go ATS ?2.5 Lol Im not giving you half a point. Im not here to push a bet. Ok Ill take your bet but were going to adjust the payout How much you trying to wager Ian $24.60 to win $20 He aint fired yet! Yeah hes on leave. He refuses to acknowledge any wrong doing so the university wont allow him to be with the team until it gets resolved. LSU is the best team in the SEC They literally won the conference being the best team in the NCAA tournament is not the same thing Oh I agree. I have them exiting in the round of 32. But a single elimination tournament isnt necessarily an indicator of who the best team is. just who is hot right now. Chess is really difficult, I heard. - Chuck Tramont Waters is so nice Its also the only thing he and Farbod have in common Bruce Pearl is gonna choke it away They should make it so you get one free throw and if you make it you can choose to risk it double or nothing on a second free throw Fuck no Theyre still trash Bradley +18 for $10 Who wants MSU Mark you want your filthy gopher money now or at the end of the day? Mark also give me $20 on Florida +2.5 ? I do Brock +1? Yeah sorry Im in $10? Where is it it 3? i mean Ill take it, just wanna make sure were playing by the rules and not some made up Houman line and not in the fun Hollywood movie kinda way Ok cool cool I just started using BetOnline and the lines have been a little off Michigan State is gonna whoop that Gopher ass on Saturday In case you guys were wondering, Larry David, David Simon, Jim Henson, Carl Bernstein, the character Scully from the X-Files, and of course SVP went to Maryland LFG BRUINS Ja rules I can vouch for these dry rub ribs. Great call by mark They also have coors light Go to Von Elrods beer hall. Ask for Emily. Tell her Cam says sup So youre saying you liked his first album better? ?I want Cincy -4 ? lol Houman just trying to take action one way or the other? Do you know what youre betting? But yes we can do $20 split I doubled my money on BetOnline yesterday but stayed flat against you guys. Shoutout to Chuck for calling media jackasses for getting on Izzo for yelling at his players lol Chuck and I agree with you Allie LaForce alert in this first game Wait hes the guy from A Star is Born, right? This Bearcats bet coming down to the wire. Running out of time here. If Iowa scores this is over And its over Only way I win this bet is if they somehow get to OT ill take Tennessee -17.5 and UVA/GW Under 130 Yes please Just slammed down $56.86 on my DUCKS ML QUACK QUACK How dare they cut away from basketball to tell me that some nerd submitted a report to his boss Mark did we push on our two bets? lol wait the guy that forgot to pick a winner in Bunkys pool is Glenn Meehan ?? Hes like 70 years old Used to be the coordinator for Beaverton youth basketball Trump definitely didnt tweet that. That said, theres a good chance he did tweet that. - Maroney, probably. Can I get ?? -1? And/or Cyclones -5.5? Zion about to put his nuts in somebodys face this half Nobody wants that action? $10 each Im about to take a nap until the women play Why is any nba happening ??FLAMES?? Wow you picked UW, Chad? Traitor. Its Ricky Martins restaurant lol you cant say gotta go pac12 and then not pick a Pac-12 team The entire conference sucks so your rule is actually an exception and not a rule Im gonna open a bbq joint where I cook all day instead of all night and just open from 10pm until 3am ?Me trying to figure out what I need to happen when I have two different brackets Can I bet if Roy gets vertigo if the game is close under 10 mins? Cause thats a ?? Yes Wow that bull auto out of bounds call on Shayok just cost me two points These refs are fucking ass SM DF TB Man that hurts Ya boy aint here to push Gotta stew on some picks for tomorrow PJ Washington isnt playing tomorrow for Kentucky but I have a hard time betting against a team I have in my elite 8 Love Wofford but I dont think I can bring myself to do it. Im gonna tail Chad on that Racers bet Florida State is the second most overrated team in the tournament Who is that clown Zion is gonna put Tacko in a fucking body bag on Sunday Mark what do you have as the bovada lines for the late games. Specifically my Zags, Jayhawks, and Boilermakers Alright mark give me $10 each on:

Zags -14
Sparty -10.5
Purdue -3
Kansas +2
MSU/MIN U 141

 ?? Plus our existing Murray state +4.5 for $10 Idk if are allowed to Muslims eat crow, but Tacko is gonna https://www.instagram.com/sportsillustrated/p/BvW04xygbZO/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=vri3gbv41761 Whoa sentence structure is hard today but you get it Mark will Im on KU+2 Oh fuck I would crush a few corn dogs today Race to 69 wins again TERPS +7.5 was looking tough at halftime. Got it though. I could eat all of those Youre like the Asian guy fieri Nope EARLY BIRD GETS THE TICKET I dont love Purdue. I just dont have any faith in Nova. Theyre not a good team and they come from a weak conference. The Kai Ruderian approach to basketball https://www.instagram.com/sportsillustrated/p/BvXcMiJgfO_/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=pugkcln4j0b1 I just saw a dude in a red Pontiac Solstice cruising with the top down on this beautiful 57 day blasting All-Star by Smashmouth. Never change, Portland. lol thats in response to last nights podcast Whoa whoa whoa you allow double brackets? Fuck that I want my money back And lose to people with double brackets Guns Up RED RAIDERS Matt I am so triggered Oh hi mark Gimme MY VOLS (-7.5) and MY HEELS (-11.5) to cover Also give me Texas -6 in the NIT because Im a degenerate like that Holy shit thats the sickest tat Ive ever seen Walter is a good boi and woke me up in time to get my bets in. Or maybe to take a shit. Im not sure. Yes Ill bet you the three OVCs on VT 20oz? Deal -2? ?My bad I was looking at TTU. Its 4.5 Deal Mark honor my Tennessee bet You placed it in your sleep Foh Houman go get your own bookie Maybe one of your two bracket buddies ?This is what I want Wait wait wait nvm I was looking at 1H lines Gimme a second ?Gimme this mark And Rengel youre getting 8.5 for liberty HILLSBORO DUDE Yeah I know. Like I said. Degenerate They would get their asses kicked ay hoopla Didnt they get their ass kicked in the first round? ?? These refs are trash That was not a held ball lmao Really dont understand why Rick Barnes is keeping Schofield on the bench No he has 4 Clearly saving him for double OT Fuck Rick Barnes If he plays admiral he covers #BanHouman They probably picked their winners based on who has a better medical program Putting the student first in student athlete I went to UCI once for a SigEp conference It sucked How was it Is it as grimey as I imagine This is awkward Thats a Maroney take right there. UW has Syracuses defense Yeah Oh the season is still going? I honestly have no fucking clue what Chris Webber is talking about Hell yeah she can ???? Which blazer do think has hit that? Is that why we traded Biggie? I bet Dame has Pimp slapped him Goddamnit make your fucking free throws Texas Mark UNC and Texas were a wash Is there still a Taco Time on Allen & Lombard? They have some tasty, tasty tacos. Drug front Speaking of Tacko Time Wow Im not watching but I think I covered by half a point Drink up, bitch. That Oregon -2.5 live line just got hammered UNC -5 vs Auburn is a ?? Oregon +7.5 ?????? I realized last night that I put futures bets down in Bovada on Oregon winning the natty back in the summer And then I did it again later in the summer because I didnt remember So I have two separate bets that could net like $700 lol drunk dubov was up to something I also had a futures bet on Virginia ??????? Theyre +10000 on BetOnline lmao Best case scenario we get lucky against Virginia, get matched up with Purdue and then see a rematch with Houston in the final four And pray that Duke gets knocked off by somebody Which they very well could OVC!!!! lol youre nuts Lol nah Im more worried bout the Hornets tbh The raps have a couple games against the bulls left plus the Knicks and heat so chalk up some Ws Mark should be automatically DQd for thinking the Cavs were gonna win 31 games this year Brief the copywriter Just your regular reminder that Aminu fucking sucks Nurk is cooking my guy JA again tonight I dont understand how you can be a 3&D wing in the NBA and shoot 66% from the FT line I dont understand why dinwiddie fouled him Also weve given BKN 41 free throw attempts which is fucking unacceptable Seth is Dollar Tree CJ Hes not name brand but he does the same thing for way less money At that point just foul him That was horrendous That was on Dame He panicked when he saw the double team coming and lost the ball Can we please just ride Nurk in 2OT Ed fouled out and JA cant stick him Oh maybe Even more reason to feed my man Yo wtf He lives in the mix Dude for real Hes a fucking moron lmao that steal from mo was hilarious This game is a shining example of why the season should be 62 games Oh fuck Oh fuck fuck fuck Dude holy shit Im gonna be sick Wtf mark Im sorry did the refs just stop reffing after that delay? Russell is murdering Seth We already were But now for sure Seriously can you stop with the Kevin Ware shit Im not kidding Stop Fuck you both Im asking you to stop and youre gonna keep being jackasses? Chad I hear you have some spicy takes on the second unit I mean, he cant be worse than Aminu, right? Kanter is gonna get more mins and ZC. More Layman and Simons, less Aminu and Harkless. The rotation should be Dame, CJ (if/when hes back), Layman, ZC, Curry, Hood, and Harkless probably. And thats it If its more than 7 guys we arent winning any playoff games Sorry, forgot Kanter. Drop harkless. Aminu is shooting 85% from the stripe but only taking 2 attempts per game. The fuck is that? https://twitter.com/carminesabia/status/1110565943162347521?s=12 Judge must be a huge Empire fan Wait wait wait His name is Jussie?! This entire time I thought people were just misspelling Jessie What the fuck Throw him in jail forever Wow we really gonna pretend like Very Cavalari isnt the best how on television? How can you say that with certainty Hes only been in one extremely shitty situation And hes 22 years old He has improved in almost every statistical category every season hes been in the league lol Is he also the GM and I didnt know it? Do they? Do you really think they have more talent than the Mavs, Grizzlies, Pelicans, Lakers, Wolves, and Kings? Those are the non-playoff teams ahead of them All Im saying is hes playing at a high level on a shitty team and we cant truly make a judgement until hes in a different situation If he goes to the pacers someday and they just fucking tank then yeah He signed with Michael Avenatti Who else is ready for BUZZ CITY to smack around the Spurs tonight Anybody want to buy a big dog tee? I need a buddy for the 2 for $30 deal Yeah hes about to get muted Dude needs a timeout Dude most of the teams in the league wouldve traded Russell at that point. Literally everybody thought it was the right move for the Lakers. Somebody call Wilford Brimley cause Rengel about to get the diabetes I think the dumbest part is that toledos news station has a traffic report. Its toledo. Do they ever have traffic? https://twitter.com/desusnice/status/1111071530220470274?s=12 I feel like $238.50 is a lot for a greyhound ticket. Were they going to Guatemala? I mean to get on a flight you have to go through security To get on a greyhound you have to be not stabbing somebody as you get on the bus And even then it depends on the driver They couldve at least given you an 8ball for your trouble Besides, not the first time that credit card has seen some bam bam JCSL POLL: Ducks by 20 or 30 tonight? Wow did somebody miss a free throw at the end, or what? interesting. You both have the over. Im not touching any line today All of those lines are terrible Jesus Thats from three years ago Hes a cocksucker So my man likes to set the mood when he watches porn whats the big deal https://twitter.com/trailblazers/status/1111367056086237185?s=12 which people? show yourselves, cowards. First time Ive ever liked Macklemore Im so hard for this defense Hopefully they pay it off with chuckmoji stickers in GIPHY LMAO AMIN Fuck. Preferably Bud Light Limes Do we think the Hornets can go 1-7 in their remaining games? Can the Heat go 6-1?! Some fan you are lol Im officially nervous about this Raptors bet theyre comfortably in the two seed And I dont see three wins left on the schedule @bulls, 9th place magic, @7th place nets, @10th place hornets, 8th place heat, @twolves in a meaningless game I see a lot of Ls Cant go unfortunately To either Ashleys parents are in town so I have prior commitments that I did not know about or was, in fact, informed of and chose to not remember. Lol what an idiot picking FSU shame her! I think I have most of my elite 8 in tact Hopefully I can win this $50 or whatever the first place total is Leggo Guess what Im being asked to post on @nike on Monday ?? I wish My old nemesis Odell is back I thought I escaped him when I moved to global Jesus Houman hes talking about Meyers Leonard Brand not MLB did you not see the hammer? Windy at ultra would be a fucking scene Orange Vanilla Coke with limes Top 5? Thats kind of a stretch, no? Fuck you guys for leaving VUCCI MANE off the list Lol did you sort by RPM to prove your point? RPM... meh Ah I missed that I mean, regardless. Hes a top 10 cetner Gimme nurk at that price for sure Thankfully Neil isnt most GMs! Was it Mero? https://twitter.com/anthonyvslater/status/1111835210969157633?s=12 lol I could watch the end of that warriors game on repeat forever lmao wade denied mudiay the jersey swap Virginia will cover DO YOU BELIEVE IN MIRACLES Tierra McCowen is soft as butter. Push her around a bit and she looses her cool. She is. Trust me. If Oregon starts pushing her around shell fold like an IKEA coffee table. Im so tired of those dudes https://twitter.com/complexsports/status/1112434779591507968?s=12 this is a wild claim The idea that he sexually assisted his neighbor the night he torn his ACL seems like a stretch but if thats true thats next level scum bag thank u, next What if I told you that my UVA -4/Auburn ML parlay just fucking CASHED Uh huh lol I watched it live Hilarious He was one of the first beneficiaries of a new tax program that allows locals to start businesses in that area in an effort to revitalize it Dude did a lot of great things in that community Cam it appears your boss has some really strong swimmers https://people.com/parents/miranda-kerr-pregnant-expecting-second-child-husband-evan-spiegel/amp/ This guy fucks My favorite day of the year. Not sure about you guys, but I love seeing all of the #disruptive ideas agencies came up with for their clients. Collusion Rengel what are the payouts for the big pool? And Houman whats your payout? sick. If Virginia beats Texas Tech in the championship I think Ill get second. definitely. ill even let you get chips and an OVC. Ah found it 70/20/10 LFG HOOS But before that happens, I need a huge win from my Hornets tonight. Raptors win tonight brings the magic number to 1. ? lol I guess I gotta try harder to sneak one past ol Bunky lol Barkley definitely doesnt love this team They play the exact style he hates https://twitter.com/i/events/1112783761773518848 Cam Im going to be at the Snap Partner Summit on Thursday Jesus Christ I hate when people put a screenshot in the body of their email. Use a fucking attachment dude. How the fuck am I supposed to read whatever it is you want me to look at when its 20x the size it is on your screen. Time to break through that mediocrity and finish 5-1, amirite SPACE?>! This was my favorite https://twitter.com/tombrady/status/1112751341259182080?s=21 Alright just one more win from my Raps in the last four games A lot less variability in the womens bracket usually Cameron what the hell is a bitmoji and why do I have to have one for this summit Thats annoying Im gonna make mine look like you and then make it do a bunch of embarrassing shit during the summit I bet I can Or maybe cam doing his classic hunched over his knees because he has the spins look Wait I have to download a separate app to create it Even more annoying Yeah but I never use snapchat Like maybe once a week just to check if anybody sent anything What the fuck this doesnt look anything like me It told me to take a selfie so I did ?It thinks Im a fucking cat It look that very literally Surprised none of you commented on that shitty Odell video yesterday Man that sucks so hard. A friend of mine is the head of social for AAF Yeah thats not funny my friend is probably going to lose his job Ive been laid off twice. It fucking sucks. Making fun of serious injuries Kevin Ware was the example, but it was all gruesome injuries in general Yeah the AAF was never going to succeed. None of these leagues are. But I get the sense that the founder never really wanted it to work. Oh its been way more than three But those are the most notable World Football League, theres been like four different AFLs UFL PSFL ACFL PCFL Im sure my buddy will land somewhere. He came from the Seahawks and worked on nike football when we were at Team Epiphany together But still sucks More slam ball please ? Were only two and a half games behind Denver and we play them twice this week DO IT FOR NURK Blazers remaining schedule: MEM, @DEN, DEN, @LAL, SAC Nuggets remaining schedule: @GSW, SA, POR, @POR, @UTA, MIN I see 5-0 vs. 1-6. Second seed is ours. The ol ball coach only cares about one thing and thats championships https://twitter.com/CBrueyWFTV/status/1113142208763441153 https://twitter.com/tommyxtopher/status/1113151453554769920 Hopefully Harrison Ford was flying the plane Sorry. That was meant to be a Harrison Ford crashes private planes joke not an Air Force one movie joke. I need a 30 for 30 on this Zo situation stat. lmao KD paid that fine today and then got tossed ? Big day today boys. Looking for yuuuuge wins for my raptors, hornets, and heat. Im getting in line Friday I just built a deck using Pop gifs https://twitter.com/fer_machado123/status/1112670945854947330?s=12 Just gonna leave this right here Who do they have left? I got on that -11 What the fuck am I looking at Space Bro that is up from 12% Earlier this season when I looked it was 12% and I threw up on myself Goddamnit I had a six team teaser going tonight and the spurs fucked it up what the hell What round are you projected clay Wouldve been cool if we had beat the grizzlies in Memphis right Chad Or the heat at home right Ian Or game 7 of the 2000 WCF Get to the Snap Summit and first thing I hear is Believer by ID Its ok cam, you can follow my journey on my instagram stories ? Did I do that right There are a lot of white people here Do you think Meyers is more of a Brad or a Chad? Jesus Christ I was not prepared for that question ?? Im glad old town road is finally getting the shine it deserves. Who knew it just needed a splash of the notorious BRC lol his song dropped recently and its decent but billboard took it off the country charts cause theres only room for one black on there and Hootie has that locked up But Billy Ray was like nah nah I got this Ive been getting so many sponsored OVC ads You seem to think Im complaining Ticket count is 3 to 1 on auburn. A bunch of idiots betting against my Hoos. Man I was trying to place a Ducks/Timbers ML parlay but BetOnline wont let me. Woulda paid $174 on $20. Ducks today at 4, timbers tomorrow night Yeah Oregon +320 is the biggest pile of free money Ive ever laid eyes on Oh baby and I got the hornets over Was it ever in doubt ya boy would win? Texas Tech and Virginia are going to win because theyre OVC colors. The fix is in. Nah Auburn is blue and a darker orange But I bet Bruce Bruce slams OVCs with vodka There is in fact a game today At 5 Are you at marathon? For the Texas Tech game? If so Ill roll through Dope Ill be there after this HOOS win 100% a foul NEVER IN DOUBT Coming Im a Turbo boy now. Theyre great. Put up 6 miles today Im drunk with Mark now Were they out of OVCs? Sabrina gone ???? Probably not. Mosley tweet shes back. https://twitter.com/sabrina_i20/status/1114701901965221889?s=12 NOLA I think? And the CFP is there too. We should probably move there. Owens is back. Sparty is done. So do you get free OVC? Just walked by Meyers. Didnt have it in me to break him down tonight. lol I was literally the only person that picked UVA in the sandwich pool For all the sandwiches Blazers -7.5? Am I missing something? Chad Butler: Nuggets Insider Wow couldnt agree with you more space Damn. $35 for SRO tonight. Fuck that. You know how many Wendys nugs I can get for that! https://twitter.com/jack/status/1114946467746025472?s=12 I finally found it. I found the douchiest tweet on twitter. Oh shit CJ finna start tonight? 0% chance he has ever been on a John Deere in his life Listens to Old Town Road remix once The Rockets have the absolute worst broadcast team. Clyde Drexler is a moron. Theres an entire generation of young fans who didnt know who wilt chamberlain was until James harden came along. lol I generally try to avoid saying anything in NBA twitter unless its to talk shit about Meyers The floor is yours Mark all you if you want it https://twitter.com/JamesEppler/status/1114975126733324293 Hopefully lil nas & BRC replace Solange at Coachella He stopped rapping apparently. Yeah Good thing OKC has everything to play for Im gonna be sick Ok. Youre crazy. Fucking excuse me, Houman? I know youre not a numbers guy, but I do believe 156 > 149 Not that I expect to get paid anyway. That cash is probably already in the islands somewhere. do I at least get to pick between subway and jimmy johns Do they take everything off but the hijab? Holy data dump Zach Zarba, huh? KD begs to differ. I also love that Joey Crawford got 1.8% of the worst ref vote even though hes retired AB is an asshole I didnt know Bunk Sandwiches was a nod to Bunk from the Wire Crazy to think he never wouldve had that perspective if he ended up getting traded to Milwaukee I didnt know I couldnt do that Kyle Korver stands with Qizai. Oh no baby what is you doing I have so many questions Why did you block me on Twitter? Why are you afraid of rebounds? Can you give your wife my number? Who are you most afraid of in the NBA and why is it Boogie Cousins? Who would win in a game to 11: you or Ha Seung-jin? Would you leave your wife for Marcus from Portland Gear? i would rather have a hope solo cameo damn I didnt know that sam and kais mom passed away. Was she sick? Thats terrible The warriors series we had a day game either Saturday or Sunday. It was sick because I got absolutely hammered in our Coachella condo before we went in. Dame, Meyers,.... Whos the third? The correct answer is Joe Ingles. Cant believe you guys didnt get that. No thats a very legit argument I would give it to Dame dame has played 11 more games Which to me is more valuable I would have Jokic over embiid Dame, Harden, KD, Giannis, Jokic Im 50/50 on PG vs KD. Im good with either. PG had kind of a rough stretch post injury Which is really my only knock against him And KD is a bitch. So hes got that going against him in my book. So its a toss up Ayyyyyyy Yeah he only missed a couple games but my point is his performance in those games was... not good At first glance I thought that was John Cho Were getting a Tony in the first half Somebody is finishing the half under 20 This might be lower scoring than the super bowl COULDNT AGREE MORE BROCK IM HARD JEROME IN THE HOUSE Both Ducks lost to the champs. I can live with that. The patriots literally just won the super bowl Uh huh. Likely story. ? WOWOWOW thank you Rengel that is better than any cash prize But I still want my cash prize First we send Dennis Rodman to North Korea, next we send Michael Rengel to Iran. What if the JCSL reunion was at the USC game in November JCSL STORMS LA Happy birthday BISCUIIIIT https://www.nike.com/t/legacy91-final-four-locker-room-virginia-cap-HdDJm3 might have to officially celebrate my HOOS Hell yeah it is I only got 3rd in the big pool, unfortunately. So maybe an above ground pool You bet I did, Brock. If I hadnt listened to Ian gassing up the heat I wouldve done even better Ill take full responsibility for picking the Spurs under. Fell for it again. Show me an A health inspector rating and then we can talk arent you a marlins fan? Or white sox? Or Yankees? They didnt leave but you did! SOOOOOOOOON ? Lol ucla hired mick cronin I want no part of the jazz Jesus Myles lol I used to work with Myles brown Alex Caruso looks like every dude that plays in the 6:30am Tue/Thur run at Coach K. What about the King Box with the Big Fish? Do you guys think Russ teammates feel rushed into questionable shots because they feel pressured to get him assists? Yep Gotta throw the game That was arguably the dumbest call Ive ever seen Eat a dick lakers Nuggets have to win too Wow cam you share a birthday with lil nas x is that not normal? Every morning I wake up theres an outfit hanging up for me. Idk who puts it there ??????? Just assumed it was my mom ?Thats gonna be a no for me dawg Damn Im gonna get so fucked up Sunday before Coachella ?@brock Dude, theyre so sick. Straight up or ATS? My heart cant handle 7 games. Nah, I never logged on. Wheels were falling off at work this morning. Coach of the month or coach of my heart? https://www.instagram.com/p/BwIQavzJ8sB/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=2h54ga1ajzb8 https://twitter.com/therealfunyuns/status/1114303088272211968?s=21 Gone are the days of the polish polisher ?? An Instagram post for Ian https://www.instagram.com/theoregonduck/p/BwKrU-CgExC/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=8xttv2skvkdo Today feels like a good day to take some acid They were great Ian Like so fucking good I took half a Tesla yesterday and I was thriving during their set ? I still got half left! ?Brands brands brands Im about to hit a mosh pit for the interrupters. Fists are gonna be swinging Pussy Magic quit First glance I thought homeboy behind him had a case for natty light ? Can I get a score update? On a flight with no tv This is excruciating Score? The reach on the @nike Tiger instagram post was 6.9M... In terms of % its about average Just a really nice number imo Organic reach is typically pretty low. Our paid post went a lot further. COYS Well fuck. SON! MY SON! MY BEAUTIFUL KOREAN SON! This game is fucking drunk Is LeBron going to be the new director of player ops for lakers Lmao Im sorry did Eric Bledsoe think he had 18 seconds instead of 1.8 seconds? What the hell was that? Yeah what the hell Bucks should try it You dudes ever had problems depositing Bovada checks? Ok that what Im wondering Dylan. Because ATM and app deposit dont work. Also it took me 10+ minutes to get 5 gallons of gas because this chick working at the gas station was just petting dogs in cars on her break instead of just getting the fuck out of the way so the other dude could pump. Just let me pump my own fucking gas, Oregon. Mark has no idea what Im talking about. I hate waiting, I hate screaming my phone number through the window to get my rewards, I hate jackasses that dont pull to the front pump, I hate somebody else cleaning my windshield cause they always fuck it up. Damn thats obnoxious This is all part of Kate Browns ploy to convert Oregon to all electric vehicles Nets, Nugs, Clips ML parlay for the tomorrow is 10 to win 245 https://twitter.com/cxcope/status/1118243734716657667?s=21 So Drake has tried to curse the Blazers But I hold firm in my belief that a blessing from the based god is stronger than any other power And IIRC the based god blessed us earlier this season Drake is outnumbered https://twitter.com/LILBTHEBASEDGOD/status/984473538529644544 Tl;dr he got the joy back that Lebron and Coach K (my note, not his) sucked out of him like a dementor Does Meyers get killed Lmao that was fucking amazing How do you like my sauce now? bitch. Is one of the funniest lines Ive ever heard in GoZ Their golden cup runneth over with assholes lmao Oh Jesus fuck that Im terrified of snakes fuck lol sure My biggest fear without a doubt FUCK This game is gonna be unwatchable with all the whistles I got it FUCK YOU HOUMAN PUT THAT MONEY ON THE BLAZERS ML LIKE A REAL FAN Ian youre free to do as you wish #SaveOurSonics Its only worrying if you think were gonna lose Do you think were gonna lose houman?! traitor. ITS GAMEDAY BITCH Im also going to see TBS tonight so Im worked up and ready for the non-existent mosh pit at the crystal ballroom Did you guys know that Jesse Lacey left TBS to start Brand New because John Nolan (who they brought in to be lead guitar thus moving Lacey over to bass) banged Laceys gf at a party? Sheesh Pacers got it tonight or nah? Now were talkin Holy shit taking back sunday fucking ripped that was so sick They played for two hours. Cant wait to do this again tomorrow night Oh I thought it was for HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA https://twitter.com/mashable/status/1119686421189545984?s=12 first theyre gonna fence us in then theyre gonna kill us all Man I just went to Serra and it was pretty quick. I forgot today was 4/20 though so when the receptionist said happy holiday I thought she was talking about Avicii ??????? https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1119746080684507136?s=12 I thought I canceled my subscription to TV guide in 2002 Felix Cartal just shouted out SoWa at his Portland show What the fuck chipotle is closed Like tbh I dont even really know what Easter celebrates but it cant possibly be more important than my hangover Is it rum ham That looks like one of those kfc bowls You know if they really want to teach Russ a lesson for all this media bullshit, they should take away the one thing he cares most about: his arena entrance. The media should just stop covering it. Ok blazers +10 wins me my three team teaser after winning a four teamer yesterday Zers ML *also* wins me monies Bro we traded his ass to Sacramento months ago If i was tramel my first question would be Russ how about you SMDFTB? I have a line on a ticket but I really really shouldnt be spending that money right now. Very conflicted. Russ and PG are on lol he was trying to hard not to smile Is anybody arguing that he is a top 10 player? I mean besides thunder fans. Hes not even the best player on his team. Giannis
Harden
Steph
KD
LeBron
Jokic
Kawhi
PG
Kyrie
Embiid
AD
Dame

Thats at least a dozen guys better than Russ. Is that like a soundcloud rapper or something? Is he in Gucci gang? What stage was he on at Coachella https://twitter.com/rashadalaiyan/status/1118373655078215682?s=12 https://www.fastcompany.com/90337130/the-end-of-likes-instagram-follows-twitter-in-mulling-downgrade-to-influencer-mentality?utm_source=Hashtag+Sports&utm_campaign=472f582355-HSD_January_15_COPY_01&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_ebc768df89-472f582355-309860041 sad day for influencers everywhere if/when this happens I was kidding about the influencers piece If your brand is hiring influencers based on like count then they should probably fire their marketing dept If youre advertising with them you would still see your reach which is more important anyway If the influencers have a business account they would still be able to share that data with you But you wouldnt be able to just scroll through their profile and see likes, youre right And if they arent willing to share the data with you then theyre full of shit and you shouldnt be working with them anyway The influencers, that is. I feel like its something Kevin systrom has wanted to do for a while but I bet his facebook bosses wouldnt let him lol Callahan has been fucking on one about Tillman today I always look forward to April 22nd because its the one day a year we get to revisit everyones pat tillman takes. RIP. Are we gonna get a couple sweeps tonight? Who? Some singer named Kate smith from the 1930s turned out to be racist? wow. Really makes you think. So whats the issue here? Some people are offended by shit she said forever ago and some people are pissed theyre taking down statues and removing songs because you cant change history - is that basically it? Alright well then why dont they just move the statue to a museum so the people who get off on Jim Crow era history can still go jerk off to it and the people who are offended dont have to see it when they go watch white Canadians and Europeans hit each other with sticks. Frankly Im more bothered by the fact that theyre still playing god bless America in stadiums Yeah they should cut that out in general Is Daniel Jones the Duke guy? Dont think you can afford him anyway, Brock. You gave all your money to some other guy already. Theyre still giving these guys the wonderlic? Does that shit have any correlation to football performance whatsoever? Frank Gore got a 6 and he might pass Barry Sanders for 3rd all time in rushing this year so who fucking cares Janikowski got a 9 but he can kick the ever-loving shit out of a football Ray Lewis got a 13 and he outsmarted the cops So hes bad luck? By whomst Alright Im going to game 5 What in the hell is chris Weber talking about Sarver at work Push No, like literally push. Two hand shove the biggest motherfucker there to show them whos boss. https://twitter.com/adamschefter/status/1120743061838024704?s=12 This feels like a bad deal for KC... COME BACK TO CHICAGO ROBBIE WE LOVE YOU ? ??SCOOTERS ARE BACK FRIDAY?? Nets opting to forgo scoring tonight Im gonna drink a Crux Gimme Mo IPA because Mo is gonna have a great game Dame 4 3PM + Zers win.
Aminu > pts than Grant
Zers -4.5 ?My mans aint fuckin around tonight FTs are important Tell him if he doesnt get back on the floor well give Ergodan his home address Consecutive bad one on one possessions Pass the rock This is the most atrocious shit Ive ever seen Like fucking horrendous Adam Silver is trying his hardest to extend this series SMDFTB Idk if you guys are hungry but Dame has a 50?? to share I cant even begin to describe the reaction when they showed him on the big screen lmaolololololol Im dead What a pussy ass bitch I think Im still drunk But he took a bad shot to get to 50 so it doesnt really count I lost all respect for PG last night. Fuck that guy. What part of that bad shot was responsible for you being down 3-1? Or you hiding on defense on Moe and Aminu? You were literally on Russell Westbrooks team all season and *that* was the bad shot you took issue with? Give me a fucking break you clown lmao Im dying at all of this. That lakers fan in that hates Dames hero ball probably also loves Kobe Next question If we wanna talk about bad shots, lets talk about the two free throws PG bricked. Jackass. Oh shit Im putting it on rn Zach Lowe said people are sleeping on Lamar Hurd Was he screaming at birds Paying $26MM for a center not named Jokic or Embiid is idiotic Being in an arena and being united in hate of a single individual is such an incredible feeling Chad have you not listened to a word Neil has said? Were not on any big free agents radar. Oakland, bitch. Gundy youve lost your damn mind Celtics are gonna fall apart and Kyrie is gonna have a meltdown Can we just skip ahead to Bucks/Raps The best thing about the Celtics is Janos Detroit is not a real nba team You can not convince me otherwise But I still believe the bucks are better than any east team Giannis and LeBron are the only Nike signature guys I like now LeBron should be player coach A la Lenny Wilkens At least they got rid of that rapist head coach of theirs!!!! Neither will the Knicks James Dolan and his never ending supply of Filipino blood boys will outlive all of us Nah. He wont. He would rather watch the world burn than relinquish control. And Im 28, Ian. I know I seem older, but its true. I bet shes a great lay tho I bet LeBron and Jeanie are boning And magic knew about it and couldnt handle it MJ will lead the Hornets robs title before Buss leads the lakers to one Who would you rather drive across the country with: Cowherd, Rovell, or Clay Travis Gross The entire idea of televising sports drafts is foolish to me Just post a list of each player and what team theyre going to and call it a day Nobody actually wants to listen to Mel Kiper cum in his pants while he talks about how a dude from a school youve never heard of has great field vision and pocket presence The entire thing was made up for television The only sports that matter today is the spurs beating the nuggets Denvers last game of the season is on Saturday https://twitter.com/magicjohnson/status/1121443292493692929?s=12 magic sacrificed everything just so he could tweet something https://twitter.com/kfc/status/1121383353343795200?s=12 nobody asked for this *click in* The thing I especially dont understand is the people that travel to see it. Yeah Sorry Im all over the fucking place today Idk about any parties I try not to talk to anybody in football anymore Yeah pretty much Nashville fucking rules though so I definitely get that part of it I would demolish a rack of Martins ribs right now Dry rub & tug spot if you find the right door Wow I always thought Matt was Les Harkmore and Clay was Latvian Gangbanger. You tryin to pull one over on us, Matty? goddamnit you had me duped! lol you really think youre gonna get all three? Im drafting Luka first overall soooooo #nepotism Im taking Kyle guy, Deandre hunter, and ty Jerome 1,2,3 Somebody did a compilation of them. Last Week Tonight, maybe? https://twitter.com/kathleenjjacob/status/1121546998342193153?s=21 Jokic is so gassed What a night from him tho They make it really hard to double him but holy shit hes gonna eat Kanter alive if we leave him on an island Thankfully Kanter just has to worry about Poetl Amen Thankfully the Timbers game is during the day on Saturday so its not at the same time as game 7 SPORTS! lol Jesus Christ That grid ?? photo with wife
?? photo delivering speech 
?? photo with President 
?? photo with minority
?? photo in diner w/ blue collar
?? photo with armed forces No problem, James. Call me anytime. Rosen to Miami? Wow Really playing up the south Florida Jewish stereotype Space whats the longest youve ever lived in one apartment post college? Hes a total moron Lol yeah idk what the hell he was talking bout there Listening to JVG & Mark Jackson squabble is my least favorite part of ESPN. They should really just cut Jackson out and let it be Mike Breen and JVG. We stan doris Oh baby I love smashville how many bachelorette parties have you taken shots with That must be GLeague I live in goose hollow Goose Hollow Inn is great. The coffee shop behind it makes a breakfast burrito with the meat from their Reuben ?Nice (Click in) People talk about McCarran like its a hell hole full of people hanging on for dear life as they board aircraft headed for reality, but nobody talks about BNA. Sundays at BNA are scary. Idk if you guys saw that Leeds vs Villa scuffle but there was some grade A bullshit going down https://www.reddit.com/r/LeedsUnited/comments/bib9ds/todays_clusterfuck_aka_play_to_the_whistle/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app ?Gundy rn Bucks +135 live ML Might hammer just to spite Gundy https://twitter.com/isjanosnba/status/1122549211969359872?s=12 These are the two teams that more than any other feel like everybody (refs included) is out to get them. This is gonna be 4+ games of superstars bitching at refs. ? God that fucking rules I want to go to his Autzen show so badly but its the same weekend as Eric Church at the Gorge I mean he was always a thicker dude but hes definitely packed on the pounds in the last decade. He still runs around the stage like a madman Idk how you guys on the east coast can do it. I can barely stay awake for 7:30 games on the west coast. Hey Big Dog Happy birthday You too Hoomie Hopefully Dame got yall a 50?? FIRST SUPPORTER Do I get a prize Hell yeah. You snooze you lose, suckers BLASPHEMY Idk if any of you listened to Russillo on Bill Simmons today, but he brought up an interesting question. Do you think Pop was ready to retire and then was like Nah I aint goin out like this I mean, I had the Spurs under so clearly I didnt believe in Pop and this group 6 Oh were playing Denver? I wasnt even aware ??????? Nobody in the pac12 is that good nah. Im about 73 episodes behind Same I think you meant to say legendary 2 fast 2 furious director Clay gets a pass. Hes probably still over the legal limit from Nashville. Clay did you leave any beer for me? SHIT. ? Where is la liga watching game one I had no plans, Bunky. Was gonna hop on whatever the group was doing. Goddamnit we getting swept If Im Denver Im screening Enes from the left every play Goddamnit LeBron 16 Martins are so hot that all the second and third tier guys love em Mt Hood > the Rockies Really gonna be important how Terry manages minutes the first two games Not really sure how that was a foul What the fuck mo Team turnovers 10-5 ?? Chuck just said Enes and Nikola have the next feetwork in the nba *best Lol fucking flop This kaiser permanente commercial is actually just Klay Thompsons inner thoughts when hes high off dat jeb That was fucking sick Itll be a flagrant 1 Moe is having one of the worst games of his career Lmaaaaaao Moe & Aminu a combined 2-6 That was exceptionally stupid by Murray https://twitter.com/bengolliver/status/1123105312003612672?s=12 Saw that. Cant wait for that to be the storyline all game ?? I think she just knows that she wouldnt be able to win a criminal case Based on the evidence Im sure she consulted with an attorney prior to deciding lol Lol Jordan brand sucks Gundy this Venezuela shit is wild This is such a messy situation Gundy can you help me understand? Guaido is the interim president and believes he is the rightful winner of the election? And Maduro is holding on? But the US backs Guaido and Russia backs Maduro?? Yeah I remember reading about this election gotcha Thats wild Yeah for real Jesus Im honestly surprised that Trumpito and his goons are backing Guaido Interesting But if Putin can guarantee him a re-election, wouldnt he want to align with Putins boy Maduro? Are you suggesting that pathological liars arent to be trusted? My Spurs are looking like butt right now. Yeah and Tottenham are playing like they just learned about soccer Does bovada let you bet team fouls props? BetOnline does not Lame Ive got the Milwaukee Cucks LFG MIROTIC Thats what Meyers shouldve been doing on Jokic https://twitter.com/MichaelGrant_CJ/status/1123217108589076481?s=20 I need some of those Hulu has live sports slippers Goes to the Bronx once They do our publishing and reporting but I choose not to brief them on creative THE REAL CELTICS SHOWED THEMSELVES You know its kind of sad that we now live in a day and age when a deadly campus shooting no longer is reason to pause outbound social media communication for brands when I started at TE, if two people got shot on a college campus like they did at UNC Charlotte tonight we would hold everything for 24 hours. Now its just business as usual Were conditioned to it I wish we were only talking about these two powerhouses. - Ernie re: referees. Ok so then just talk about the powerhouses. I dont wanna hear about the refs. Im so sick of this ref bullshit If you wanna know why you lost take a look in the mirror I fucking hate when nba players hold the ball above their head. Be a fucking threat, idiot. Im ashamed to admit I forgot to celebrate Jay Cutlers birthday I hope he can forgive me but I understand if he cant Draymond doesnt want hands from Nene believe that Thats why this ref stuff is all garbage Space. Because these two teams get away with everything Im rooting for Scott foster to hand out so many Ts that nobody is eligible for the next round so its just another Portland vs Denver series The fact that they get 7 techs before suspension is outrageous Boban would be a great color guy First of the month. Pay your rent, degenerates. Oh I like that I always forget Arturo Vidal is on Barca So are we doing Pour Sports? 6pm? Just know that if the blazers lose, its on the JCSL. Hmmm I actively avoid blazers twitter so idk how much I want to experience it IRL Wow infringing on Rengels turf at Coachella I was airdropping photos of two of my friends w/ their IG handle and phone numbers to literally any girl around me Also for the record we did it at Super Bowl before Adidas did it for Childish at Coachella. bitches. Fucking greg lol Yall ready for the big 3 draft tonight? ? Are you and Callahan Gchatters? Ah I turned off twitter notifications and it has significantly reduced the amount of time I spend on the platform lmao Im reading your conversation. Is that cap image from their site? Because they did a shitty job photoshopping their logo onto a blank lol W2 brock Couldnt get tix to W1 ?? Jokic has Sabas level vision So the whites? Cmon Gundy I have a hard time believing the variance in officiating has been significantly better or worse over the last several years. The most notable difference is how vocal the star players have been. Im so sick of these players acting like every whistle is the worst call of all time SPLIT ON THE ROAD LETS GO Nuggets were 25-57 in the paint. Thats crazy. Meyers isnt good enough to play in the big 3 but somehow has a second nba contract https://www.instagram.com/p/Bw8oBg0pg1J/?igshid=dekf9rxf0qs0 This photo cracks me up Thats a weird way to spell DNP CD Bonzi Wells is gonna die on the court Ball is life Shoutout to Larry Sanders living his dream of smoking dope and hooping 3 Headed Monsters aint losing a game this sesason Means he has a huge hog Shoutout to you for the two new followers what time do you land Friday Am or pm SHIT Are you flying on an airline with television Man I hope you can Ts & Ps Danny Ainge had a mild heart attack? Ok but if youre an athlete why are you flying with weed at all You can have one of your crew get it for you literally anywhere you go Man Joe biden just keeps saying shit that is pretty dumb imo China is not a threat, Dick Cheney is a good guy, weed is bad, blah blah blah https://www.instagram.com/vonmiller/p/Bw-EpBClK1w/?igshid=5y9cl30sxeid Dude if we make it out of this round we are gonna have literally everybody who hates House Rockets and House Warriors on our bandwagon True https://twitter.com/washingtonpost/status/1124109331455258624?s=12 wow had no idea BK was all about the mental health I get it https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=mejFtEY5faU Wow fuck Spicy P for that bush league shit Thats fucking bullshit Theres no room for that crap a hard basketball foul is one thing But intentionally trying to chop a guy down is disgraceful I dont want to watch a series thats missing one of its two best players Yeah and Draymond should be ejected for it Whats your point nah what exactly are you referring to Cause I cant think of anything similar in blazers games besides when that cocksucker Trevor ariza tried to end Rudy Fernandez Past experiences thats a pretty loose connection Im talking about players intentionally trying to take each other down youre talking about guys getting hurt in the run of play I would be just as pissed at pascal if he tried to chop down JJ redick every NBA player has legs.... I dont get your point Yeah because its dangerous to take somebodys legs out Its a vulnerable part of a player regardless of what position they play I see the connection youre trying to make but its lazy and doesnt work Lol its lazy bro Try again Do better. Youre smarter than that. Because youre relying on a tired theme that blazers fans are still haunted by injuries to sam bowie and greg oden And trying to draw a connection to this dirty play by siakam because sam bowie and greg oden are big guys with legs and so is Joel Embiid Lol blazers fans are very sensitive about lower leg injuries It has nothing to do with being a blazers fan And it has nothing to do with legs specifically, this just coincidentally happens to be him swinging at legs. My point is and will continue to be that any cheap shot by any player directed at any body part of another is disgusting and players should automatically be disqualified for such behavior Has nothing to do with blazers fans being particularly conditioned by it Yes because its disgusting and theres no place in basketball for that every year I have kids on my team that take a cheap shot at kids on other teams because they get frustrated were losing and think theyre being singled out by referees (they watch too much nba) im not quoting it to suggest you used it or didnt use Thats quotation because I have lack of ab better word But the second one of my kids pulls that shit they are removed from the game and they dont get to participate the rest of the tournament Because they need to learn that there are consequences for intentionally trying to hurt somebody Consider them finger quotes Ok good Hopefully somebody on the raptors coaching staff pulls pascal aside and explains to him why that was wrong Since the referees werent willing to eject him If the dog in this scenario is serious injuries, I get it. But I think you were suggesting the dog was wearing a blazers jersey and thats silly because dogs shouldnt wear human clothes. Did I get this analogy right? Ok so we agree then No more clothed dogs That guy definitely looks like a senator lol ?a photo of gary vee teaching tom hermann how to use an iPhone Im gonna be blackout drunk from about 2pm onward on Saturday I got a quote for you Jamal better watch the way he talks to Enes otherwise Rodney gonna drop his ass Meyers would probably say drop his butt Dr J aint walking through that door I mean unless he has tickets to the game of course Ya boy gonna be gone of that ros Which horses do we like Im in for (all I do is) WIN WIN WIN The names suck this year tbh Real down year for the derby https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/democrat-brings-bucket-fried-chicken-house-hearing-mock-barr-n1001091 This is either phase two of KFCs current marketing campaign (phase one being Ultra) Or Steve Cohen is a complete and total fuckhead who is making a mockery of the congressional process while millions of people across this country are dealing with tough shit every day And knowing what I know about Steve Cohen, I think its the latter. Of course he was But eating a bucket of KFC during a congressional hearing as a joke doesnt help anything The trump tweets about that call are hilarious. He got updated orders from his daddy. Gundy explain this boylen situation to me I thought all the players hated him So bizarre BUCKS FOR CUCKS Jokic over 24.5 is +110. Am I crazy to think thats a lock? https://twitter.com/suns_reddit/status/1124346500048457729?s=12 Moe available lol Lol ESPN trying to mute the crowd noise is hilarious This game is spiraling Let us ask our good friend Gundy https://twitter.com/thekidmero/status/1124501701225058305?s=12 wow gundy you gonna let mero call you out like that? The basketball gods are smiling upon you Cameron I had a sucky ass day at work so I just popped a gummy and settled in to watch my boy Dame dismantle these chicken nuggets The ticker said ESPN2 but its 30 for 30 Goddamnit on YouTube tv ESPN2 never picked it up Fuck finally there it goes Daniel Craig with the mask God bless espn for giving us the best broadcast duo for this one Same Jesus espn you gotta warn me when youre gonna get away from the deuce to sports center Millsap getting away with first degree murder on Moe I love when we get points in the paint Dame feasting on long twos Harkless has had a couple really bad post ups against Murray Collins has had an absolutely horrendous stretch I love dame I love guys that sell out for their team Its the first quarter of a non deciding game and hes laying out Omg if CJ hit that harden step back the lid woulda blew off the that place Wow. Middle seat. I admire the sacrifices youre willing to make for your blazers. Shaquem Griffin in the building. He was on campus today doing some workouts with kids. Mark Ive always wondered this. How the hell do they do fights in the roseland? Whats the seating configuration? But like is the ring in the middle? Is it SRO? So weird This KFC makes me want to get a bucket of chicken and watch Dirty Dancing. *kfc ad Or maybe its this marijuana that makes me want that Positionless basketball Ian Man I want to jump on the Suns over next season cause of Monty and their young talent but they still have a sarver problem so I know it wont happen Im excited for Dames huge 3Q Robert Traylor was a 4. Nobody else ever was a 4. That was a fucking dime from Jokic Jokic would fucking dominate the Dr Pepper Tuition Giveaway halftime contest Shouldve been a no call wtf PREACH DORIS LOL at Gary Harris stepping in and squeaking his shoes during CJs FT Dame is 0-1 in 3Q 5 total He had the one to ZC for 3 10/5/2005 Lol he just picked that one up He has 3 That was a hook Damn Doris is sexy. Couldve stopped there The Gang Does Doris Wow mark NSFW Tired RTPK in the house Two for one lfg He was getting bodied up so hard the whole way Yeah they did But Jesus how physical can you be 45 feet away? Two hands on is auto foul Ex officials on broadcasts needs to stop existing Were we not just mad at CJ for trying to be like dame like two quarters ago? This series has been so fucking physical Jesus Aminu your job is to rebound I enes arm was about to fall off dude Two rough games for Dame Great foul to give by Moe PUT A FUCKING BODY ON SOMEBODY YOU FUCKING PUSSIES CJ was never giving up that ball GET A FUCKING REBOUND Yes great time out 38 feet Foiled by 007 SMDFTB Jennifer Yo wtf They blew that whistle before there was even contact how you gonna say thats a shooting foul Thats ours Dame for 3 The game and the over lmao who does he think he is? damian Lillard? That was a bad shot These fans havent been able to buy beer for so long Its pretty cool that terry let anfernee stay up late to watch the end of this game the legend of rodney hood Im so glad I didnt go to the bar for this game I would have no money left Why is Isaiah Thomas standing at the end of the scorers table for no reason Go sit on the bench you fucking hobbit What if you were in a bar and they closed and kicked you out before the end of the game Doris just said I hope something in Portland is still open Well, Doris. My door is always open ?? New jeselnik special is hilarious For which team? It is Dont kill my buzz Gundy ?Gundy I need all of the context for this how did this happen lol Its art Give Blaze that money gun from Dames Hulu ad and sit him on the rail at Sassys Justifys stud fee is $150K... And 70 of American Pharaohs offspring sold last year for an average of $450K each. I think Bobby Flay is drunk on this broadcast ?Somebody stop me I did very quickly VAR! VAR! Seacaucus shits on this derby replay center So what happens now? Do they shoot the horse? Jokic getting the superstar calls over Dame Yeah Need the RG to break out in a filet mignon chant And the garbage ass T on ZC Foster can SMDFTB Man Im fucking heated right now I would love to see the full report from this game I just went from refs dont decide games to full on homer these refs fucked us mode Ill tell you what changed Ian I have an irrational belief that my team was disproportionally affected by the calls Houman sounding like normal me rn Fuck it Kill Scott foster! Burn his house down! Im about to get on 4chan and dox the shit out of him Wow just walked by a guy in a Thunder tee that can absolutely EADIAF The cold open from SNL last night is so over my head. GoT vs Avengers family feud and none of these jokes land for me. Im actually 235 https://twitter.com/nhlgifs/status/1125591177091268608?s=12 can this dog do basketball? we need a McHale replacement. I miss the Snapper & Walton days Idk what the met gala actually is but it looks like Illuminati Coachella Yeah! Chad you suck! (Are we piling on?) That part honestly shocked me Its not like theyre always in the playoffs and theres fatigue Do it for la liga Para la liga as they say Maybe we should all get that tattooed Fill the sleeve, Rengel. Low key flex having The Dreams number Im reading this Enes/Ramadan stuff And it sounds like We have allah on our side My man just out here enjoying a few midday screwdrivers and smashing that retweet button. a poll suggests there is more than one acceptable answer. If you hang up TP under youre a guaranteed serial killer. I hope Joey Gibson gets absolutely fucked in this Cider Riot lawsuit Didnt they choke last year? Sounds like they were themselves. ^this dude drives a Subaru Today is Ashleys birthday so I will most likely miss most of the game. She coaches until 8, so I will at least see most of the 1Q. i love ash dearly, but I would really prefer to gummy up and sink into the couch for this one. Who you seeing Space? Would have really loved if Dame had gotten up and gotten back on defense instead of looking at the ref Four blazers in the paint and Craig gets the board I take it back. Five blazers in the paint. Hey there it is dame! I finally didnt bet the dame over so you know hes gonna get it What Gary Harris did in transition is a foul. Its not two hands but if you put your forearm into a guy in transition to divert him thats creating a disadvantage These are the up and coming teams in the western conference - McHale about the 2nd and 3rd seed I like that rodney is picking up Murray ? court Jokic has never committed a foul in his life according to Jokic Wow that was literally what I was talking about If you take an offensive player off his course that is a violation Blazers need to be attacking the hoop downhill every time Its been working every game and the nuggets have no idea how to stop it Cross court pass at ZCs feet in the corner is dumb Thats not ZCs fault Denver is moving the ball and were going 1 on 1 and wasting valuable possessions Dude you cant throw a fastball at a 7 footers feet and expect him to go down to catch it 3 of 19 in the playoffs! That was a quick whistle on ET tho If theyre gonna keep playing 1 on 1 Im turning the tv off Dame back in? Did terry think there were only 4 minutes left in the 2nd? Just tuned back in. What did I miss? Looks like not a whole lot Honestly dont think its a coincidence McHale has been on the call the last two games Did Zach just get a foul for executing a box out? Fuck. Off. Meyers. If youre gonna brick a three you sure as shit better be the first motherfucker back on defense Man I would really, really, REALLY love Jokic as a player if he wasnt so lazy and didnt complain so much Like he would be up there with Giannis and Luka as my favorites lmao Meyers just got sent 5 feet backwards by Barton He hasnt been inside the three point line. - one guy I hate talking about another guy I hate Im honestly so confused why layman hasnt gotten minutes this series. It seems like terry didnt care about shortening the rotation so why not give him a chance? McHale is so bored hes talking about hockey God I hope we win this game by a bucket and that missed goaltend is why I will publicly retract everything I have ever said about Meyers Leonard if he gets in a fight with Jokic resulting in suspensions Oh hell yes! SPEAK IT INTO EXISTENCE The blazers are gonna win this game by 2 Lmao how long are they gonna review this You fucking kidding me Finally found something softer than Meyers Leonard and its name is Nba Qyntel Woods begs to differ This is fucking embarrassing You really gonna let dudes launch corner threes on you up 25 with a minute left? https://twitter.com/trailblazers/status/1125990429625729025?s=12 Woof https://twitter.com/milescustis/status/1125989510804721664?s=12 Blazers in 7 I always forget how young Anthony Davis is But I still feel like a super young core of Zion, Ayton, Booker is too exciting to pass up Booker for Meyers straight up who says no I mean if theres anybody on that Suns roster I would need in a deal for AD its Jimmer ya feel me? Ian I misread at Burnett as with burnettes and almost threw up in my mouth If Portland can get Thybulle or Washington at 25 I would be very happy. He easily could Hes a fringe lottery pick And depending on how teams feel his foot injury is healing/how he does in workouts he could fall if he doesnt get picked in the lottery Talent wise, I would pick him in the lottery Tyler Herro on the other hand is a waste of a pick SMDFTB AJAX MOURA hat trick Third goal in stoppage to put us through WHAT IS THIS FEELING You know what I always say: 3-0 is the most dangerous lead in soccer Im still mad about how the Suns did my guy Igor. Lakers should hire Jay Wright Would absolutely love to watch him go ballistic on a ref lol Define lakers coach Because the lakers havent had a good coach since Phil And the team has been ass for the better part of a decade Used to be a top 5 brand in sports Their fan base left for greener pastures in Oakland There arent currently any unemployed coaches that fit the old lakers coach persona if they were still a powerhouse name, other coaches would be finding ways to end up there Thats my point If the Lakers were a top 5 brand in all of sports, you dont think elite coaches would want to coach there? Since Phil left theyve had Mike Brown, Bernie Bickerstaff (five games!), Mike DAntoni (he got an ass hand dealt to him), Byron Scott, Luke Walton Spo survived LeBron because of Riley Not a knock against Sport *spo Just a fact BRING BACK PAT RILEY Four chips! Idk my point is, the lakers isnt as attractive of a job as fans think it is They should bring a college guy in Not even kidding The NBAs problem (all major sports league actually) is that they have an old boys club and they retread the same talent over and over Oh yeah Joeger was fucking trying to get fired in Sac Hire becky Hammon you cowards Calipari is a failed NBA coach And hes never leaving his lifetime UK deal Jay Wright would definitely leave for the NBA If it was the right job and he would definitely take the lakers job They have some nice ass suit stores in LA Shaka is gonna get fired at UT next year and Chris Beard is taking that job Pinstripes is more of a 1940s look what if the Sixers fire Brett brown and he gets hired by LAL ? Man I know this is the series everybody cares about but I cannot be bothered to watch these games Is he a doctor like dr Oz is a doctor? Also what happened? KD get hurt? Dr Doolittle, also a Dr I say no to that Gundy https://twitter.com/nbadraftwass/status/1126310258626965504?s=12 Neil is probably jerking off to this I feel you Gundy I got a massage yesterday As with basketball Ok but like dont you miss paying the taxes? I think Im going tonight I will light that fuse I watch SVP Daytime ESPN is pretty bad, though. What is Apple Music is it a preloaded U2 album? Honestly I have no idea what the cost vs. features breakdown is, I just know I had Apple Music and I hated the UX I havent used Shazam in like three years Idk it hasnt really happened to me recently wow that is not handsfree driving, chad danger! Youre gonna rear end somebody and not in the fun way Clay only listens to Alex Jones radio No Shoes Radio for me. Love me some Kenny Chesney. I dont think you guys are gonna like the stuff I put on that playlist ian only likes the first album any band has every put out Is Anthony Hamilton the dude that raps about history Ohhh Right that guy Hes not the Puerto Rican dude with the broadway show I got a fire summer country playlist Definitely upgrade but not quite the DB level I was hoping for. Hopefully we get DB on mothers day Sounds like we need to find our friend Matt a new job after he quits today https://twitter.com/eoinhiggins_/status/1126477710434414592?s=12 I thought they already announced that? And sneaky Pete The triple dirks thing is hilarious. Maxi Kleber lmao Did somebody say... SAMPLE SIZE?! Oh baby my hot words. Im turned on now My Lyft driver is playing Bad Boys by Inner Circle. Portland Bad Boys are gonna get it done tonight. Yo its loud in this bitch Just saw Cassidy hubbarth ?? Dude I cant even believe that she looks great Barton gonna be suspended for game 7 He landed a punch on Seths face The nba reviews all that stuff If they dont suspend him theyre basically saying you can punch anybody you want So youre saying its ok to punch somebody in the face? They showed it in arena Lmao that was a disgraceful call https://twitter.com/blogziwells/status/1126711972555132934?s=21 Shit I really need the rockets to win I got Mothers Day plans bro I just met some of the HeadGum podcast guys and talked about our shared love of Portlands son Ian Karmel ?Suck my nuts Denver https://youtu.be/NB3mmuPXGOw lmao Fox sports completely ripped off a line from the wire in this spot You come at the queen, you best not miss Huge pet peeve: when people at work say something is going live at 7am PST when they mean PDT. https://twitter.com/sfkale/status/1126932316008222720?s=12 They got the pillsbury doughboy playing center and were soft? Last I checked, they were getting upset about hard fouls. Rodney was so hot last night that there are residual effects. Portland set a new high temp today. James Garden sounds like the type of place you would find hair in your unlimited soup, salad, and breadsticks. https://twitter.com/omaroneynba/status/1127044615947685890?s=12 then again there are plenty of other great apparel companies out there Yeah it is Too bad Maroney just killed Trillblazin Goddamnit Timbers The thing you gotta understand about SNKRS is that while theyve made tremendous improvements in the app year over year, its still a really young app and there is a tiny team that runs it. Theres no way it can handle the amount of traffic that it had today. You and literally everybody else want whatever shoes launched today Yeah it is far from perfect, but its not our key capability as a company. Its not funded the way it needs to be to keep up. Yeah its super frustrating because our leadership team keeps signaling to investors that were a tech company and we want to move at the speed of the consumer but any big launch is total clusterfuck Oh yeah the decisions are coming despite the recommendations from the tech people They do screen out most bots At checkout All those bots have multiple email addresses set up that use the same payment source so the app recognizes the card number linked to multiple accounts and kills the transaction and puts the shoes back in inventory I mean theyre obviously not catching all of them but a good number I agree they need to invest waaaaayyyy more in their servers Jason Kidd will be the head coach of the lakers by All Star 2021 Wow thats a good looking dog https://twitter.com/ihop/status/1127559090903945217?s=12 ? https://www.nytimes.com/2019/05/12/opinion/nike-maternity-leave.html Believe it or not I dont drink from the free kool aid dispenser in our shitty cafeteria If anything, that article validated my belief that the company doesnt truly exist to serve athletes like we used to. They have the 16oz cans for $1.75 at the bluebird tavern in St. Johns Harkless gotta be on a short leash today. If he aint got its time to go to hood early. Jamal Murray is soft What in the actual fuck was ET doing on that foul what a fucking moron Wow that was horrendous Were getting our asses handed to us. Jesus Christ Evan turner what the fuck Im about to drink an ton of wine at Argyle to forget about this Zach Collins is gonna put his nuts in Draymonds face Chad go outside rn and whip it out Blazers twitter is petty AF rn and Im here for it I forgot there was another game lol no Ayesha finally gonna get satisfied by a curry Wouldnt it suck to be a nuggets fan* fyp gundy That beer looks like a winner, space. Go sox. Suck it Ms. https://twitter.com/dolan_j_trump/status/1127723170826469382?s=21 https://twitter.com/nbcsnorthwest/status/1127717405042642944?s=12 favorite beer is ruined Separate those statements sir Man I just saw that Kawhi shot That was sick Too bad he only has four games left as a raptor Its incredible to think about how fucked the warriors are Like when was the last time a 1 seed had this small of a chance to win a series? More house money than a terry benedict casino Gundy feel free to use that one in a post Ive never seen Blackhawk down. Is that the one where some Somalis try to murk josh hart better? *hartnett Why would you design a shirt with the nickname of our two cascadia rival cities instead of our own Whats the tl;dr Lol what a clown He must have lost money Romeo Langford is gonna be a stud I said I needed a day off from basketball today but Im already fiending. I need my fix. Whos got that basketball crack I need? Im already over the curry brother narrative Yeah it really doesnt mean anything So the lakers would have two point guards that cant shoot? Lmao two guys would be getting double teamed man you guys sure did turn on this tv show pretty fast SCORCHING HOT TAKE Neil expected this Zers Bucks sweep Do you think Planet Pat would let us stay with him even if were cheering for Portland? With a Turk and a Nigerian instead of a German and Croat Kevan Looney is a dead man walking Meyers is bringing the HAMMER down on him Not so fast my friend I am prepared to eat crow But it hasnt been served up yet Meyers Fuck that Oval Office cheeto and his Chinese tariffs Art of the deal my ass We did. RIP Fire. Lasted three seasons It was ahead of its time 2000-2002 It was kinda the blazers fault tbh Gundy and Rengel can probably check me on this, but IIRC the NBA was transferring ownership of the WNBA franchises to the NBA owners and Clyde Drexler and another guy tried to buy the Fire to keep them alive but the Blazers werent interested in doing a deal. I think they just wanted the whole thing to go away. I think their excuse was that the offer for the team was well below the franchise fee for new teams so they said fuck it well fold the team instead of recouping some losses Did you ever go to a Lumberjaxx game? Yeah WNBA and MLS had really similar trajectories ? Hopefully its in China Im still sitting on that +3300 ticket from the start of the playoffs. Lets get paid boys Ill check my powder in a bit ? My dentists waiting room has some woke vibes Hes French vanilla Boring ass vanilla with a twist! Fuuuuuuuck joe biden Substance is overrated! We want empty promises and mud slinging! Unfortunately I dont currently favor any of these schmucks. Gundy is Gary Johnson back? Face value was $145 for 300 For games 3&4. Nope not at all. I wouldve bought game four and brought a broom if I wasnt gonna be out of town It has to be a layman series The Warrior Killer! His parting gift to the NBA For Dame & CJ? Well then as the infamous Meyers Leonard would say.... ??HAMMER?? Also cam I put down your $10 at +2000 to win the chip Its gonna be fucking awesome when were all rich And Ayesha ?? Chauncey just said ET is the x-factor tonight. Kanter is gonna feast on Kevan Looney like Ramadan is over I love that Beads, Jalen, and Chauncey just shit on Pierce the entire show. Portland As This bob Meyers clip about the new arena is hilarious. Its only 10 miles. You ever tried to go 10 miles from Oracle to San Francisco, BOB? interesting AD/KD if I could pick two Wow now my erection is also available A ping pong ball just saved David Griffins job Yeah and he was already on borrowed time The AD situation was gonna dig him a grave before he even had one season Whoever Gail Bennett sells the Pels to isnt gonna give a fuck about Griffin if he had botched the AD thing Also RJ and Kevin Knox are the same player https://twitter.com/draftexpress/status/1128468721843036160?s=12 Sonya curry could absolutely get it https://twitter.com/chold/status/1128482800464580608?s=12 Thats the point, Mark... What? Gundys tweet confirms my point They said they were each picking a side and neither did They couldve just did what they said they were gonna do instead of being liars who tell lies Andrew Bogut is a Proud Boy Which way the jersey gonna face when he does? Dude thats it Im done with Dane Delgado. Mashing that unfollow button forever. All of his tweets are just bitching about players bitching at refs or about his students loans i fucking get it dude Blazers in 5 That was a really weird Klay SVP interview This wu tang doc is so good Heres the thing about defending those screens. If youre going over the top (which you have to do), you absolutely need a second defender within arms distance. The BEST case scenario for the guy getting screened is he blocks the ball from behind (maybe 1 out of 25 times? If that?) otherwise its an open shot or a foul on the recovery attempt. If its Steph on the floor with Klay, KD, and another shooter, that makes it harder. But if its Klay with fucking Draymond, McKinnie, Jerebko, Livingston, Cook, etc. you gotta make him pass/make a play I mean, shoutout to Jerebko for knocking down open shots last night but thats not gonna happen every game. Agree with you on that Gundy Hes a great playmaker from the free thrown line area But I would rather make Draymond beat us then continue to give the Warriors wide open threes Unless they changed the rules, three points are still more than two. Yeah thats kinda what Im trying to say. You dont have to hedge the screen. Especially on Draymond. But you have to be up and active Steph probably cant even believe theyre letting him have open looks Dieter dieter penis eater Everything about the warriors makes my blood boil The fact that a team can rattle of a few threes in a row and then heading to timeout go track down a ref to bitch about a perceived slight is so obnoxious This entire us vs the world narrative theyve constructed over the last five years is tired https://twitter.com/ryan_cortes/status/1128715106936938501?s=12 lmao this gives me life https://twitter.com/erniep35/status/1128444283332255744?s=12 Wasnt Bogut #1 overall? When was CJ an all star? All stars or all-stars? Thats subjective https://twitter.com/chold/status/1128768840207196160?s=12 Of course Nah that line is too big For me Oh I think were getting our brooms out FEER THE FUCKING DEER sweep But 7 points is a lot Bucks in 4! TNT has ECF and ESPN has WCF Kobe avoided a head on motor vehicle accident by jumping over the car Whats a Deontay You mean besides being a bitch? Why was ET in Man that was frustrating Anybody wanna give me Kanter under 9.5 rebound? Paul picked the dubs We got this locked These refs can SMDFTB I am a Meyers Leonard fan Give Meyers the max You guys I am in a dark, dark place right now Some people just cant handle Nashville Ill tell you what you shouldnt do. You should definitely not consume alcohols until 4am. Also dont go to the strip clubs. I tried to tell these idiots the strip clubs here suck and they didnt listen. Yeah mark https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1130609253272760321?s=12 So help me god if the blazers retire #11 for Meyers instead of Sabas I will never watch another minute of blazers basketball the rest of my life I dont think Sabas will be ever unfortunately Viktor Khryapa The only players I can think of that deserve it are Dame and Roy Pretty cool honor for Keanon Lowe but you know what honor he didnt receive? Turkey Bowl MVP back in November. That went to yours truly. He couldnt cover me. He probably never picked off Jack Lorax *lomax Im putting duct tape over my Sabonis jersey Im dead Bill Walton was on the bench tonight doesnt he play center? What exactly did ET create besides bad shots for himself? Nobody is better without a top 3 player Theyre a better team with him, theyre also just lazier. They know they can rely on him to get buckets and some nights it doesnt necessarily work out that way. I dont really like KD tbh, but I definitely want him back for the finals. Damon missed some critical free throws right before that shot Definitely worth it hire Becky #thankyouforyourservice I mean, yeah it sucks to get swept but ??????? I could sit here and make excuses all day for the blazers but we definitely had the opportunity to win those games. We just didnt close them out. The east or the Hudson? Wow thats pretty #woke of you Gundy If they dont pick it up hes an UFA, right? SAINT JODY THE REAL JODY HIGHROLLER JODY DROPPING MORE BAGS THAN HULU Lmao mark I just laughed out loud on this conference call. Good work. Except for those 100 minutes that we were Lol I know Im just being a jackass Or Charles Barkley Thats because their overlord just wants to fire up the trade machine any chance he gets The ringer NBA slack must be the most obnoxious place on the planet Wow idk how we completely missed Danny Cobbs birthday yesterday. LinkedIn just let me know Im a bad brother. Ok so if I understand everything weve talked about: Meyers, ET, and Moe are going into their last year. Were gonna give Dame the SuperMax. Is Aminus contract up? And Hood was an expiring? Kanter is gone? And Terry took Extenze to go golfing? Hell no. Bucks are gonna crush. Lot of former Blazer greats available in free agency this summer. Can we sign any of these legends and run it back?

Allen Crabbe (player)
Ed Davis (UFA)
Robin Lopez (UFA)
Channing Frye (UFA)
Nik Stauskas (UFA)
Jerryd Bayless (UFA)
Tim Frazier (UFA)
Noah Vonleh (UFA)
Raymond Felton (UFA) Like we gotta at least bring back my man Ed Can we afford Bojan Bogdanovic? So are we gonna let Aminu walk or nah? Whats he gonna command? And we can have either Curry or Hood but not both? Is Kemba gonna go to the Nets So then Kemba to the Knicks? With KD? lmao I would love to hear the next desus and mero pod after KD signs with BKN Can we afford Marcus Morris? I think its kinda weird that drake can just pace the sideline and give nick nurse shoulder rubs like whats the market for Aminu? oh like a Rob Pelinka? To say that the salary cap controls costs and benefits parity is the biggest lie perpetuated on the American people since they tried to tell us Biggie was dead Hes gonna go to the warriors when Klay leaves on bad terms and theyll have shirts that say the real splash brothers Man Im gonna be pissed if the commish changes some west coast games to 6pm. Fuck you New Yorkers!! Coach Chad! ? https://twitter.com/iamshanemorris/status/1130704462950076416?s=12 idk if you guys read this yet but its entertaining. Dont believe it for a second but I enjoyed it. lol quite a story Im not sure I wouldve tweeted out a story about how I scammed MS13 Thankfully were building a wall to keep them out so that guy is probably safe Probably expecting somebody that looked like JBurr that lived in his van Thats definitely not how it happens in the movies! Anybody that votes for Lebron for any of the teams should have their vote permanently taken away Was he one of the 15 best players in the NBA this season? Man I really disagree with that You cant think of 15 guys that had a better season than him? lol ok then they should just hand out the award the day before the season starts Thats the other thing. It shouldnt be based on positions. This shit is rigged. Look at this ? The fix is in man When I search first team all NBA look what comes up A list of Lebrons awards I honestly dont even know whos a forward or guard or center Giannis is a point guard. What is he listed as? Guys are essentially getting penalized for how tall/short they are, regardless of what they actually do on a basketball court. But chad we just learned from Brock its not about the season, its about the player. What the hell why did the Wings waive Megan Gustafson?! Well theyre falling apart https://twitter.com/vicbergeriv/status/1131305275326062593?s=12 Second team would beat the first team straight up Third team would be hard to watch Can you imagine if the nba all team voters had a spine? It would be remarkable. Oh no Lebron James is gonna be mad at you? Hes too busy on set at whatever hes filming today to care about you He played 57 games and lead his team all the way to... Darius garland? Guys that are there for the #rightreasons? Yeah I thought that was crap Hey personally I dont think being on a playoff team should matter at all but the NBA community has decided that matters Lol Marvin Bagley got a 3rd team vote FOH Thats a lotta tzatziki Now that Game of Thrones is over, does that mean Game of Zones going to end? Wouldnt it be hilarious if berry tramel voted russ first team all nba Stay off the weed He was only motivated by the free subway sandwiches Im gonna be so goddamn drunk next Saturday and it aint gonna be at Bakkens wedding. My spurs in the champions league final and my timbers first home game of the season good lord Youve gone full blown PNW I cannot unfortunately. Going to Austin the week after. Oh shit Im going to Boston that weekend anyway. Im dumb. What a horrible timeout call ? This is not the beef I was ready for in 2019 Nah its an Aston Villa jersey https://twitter.com/vnnetsrak/status/1131763089462956032?s=12 Ive never seen degrassi I didnt learn anything in health https://twitter.com/damonagnos/status/1131628618679848961?s=21 https://twitter.com/rudygiuliani/status/1131911083801960448?s=12 my man Rudy got an early jump on MDW ?? It looks like one of those horse customers where one person is the upper body and one person is the ass *costumes https://twitter.com/washingtonpost/status/1131956051488714757?s=12 hes finally getting his wall How much does he get paid https://twitter.com/jordanuhl/status/1131971225851445250?s=21 Yeah Im not surprised at all. What I am surprised by is that he created a GoFundMe? Lol wut Give him the clicks, Ian! He wants your clicks! Yeah Ray is cool Yeah I met him through some of my adidas buddies Eric Church just played four fucking hours lol Nissan stadium in Nashville Im fucking exhausted idk how he must feel Yeah he definitely did. It definitely felt sentimental Im seeing him two more nights in the Gorge in a month ? Bro the nba awards Made for tv event Raptors +245 to win series but Kawhi is +300 to win finals mvp Like that bet better Thats what Im thinking -110 ? https://twitter.com/muhammadlila/status/1132705598632538113?s=12 the shot at Milwaukee in this thread is unnecessary. Clearly hes not familiar with the diversity there. Wow Cam turner moved out? Man the As rattle a few wins in a row and all of the sudden a guy thinks he can get his own place The demonization of carbon dioxide is just like the demonization of the poor Jews under Hitler, said the physicist, William Happer, who serves on the National Security Council as the presidents deputy assistant for emerging technologies. What the fuck Worse disaster: Chernobyl or the Lakers? man it was tough to watch. Shit gets extremely dark. Same My sweet prince Thankfully we dont have to worry about that until 2029 You know what really annoys the shit out of me at work When people (mostly the ladies) stick their entire fucking lunch box or bag in the fridge. Like maybe just take your plastic containers out of your giant ass Lulu bag so the rest of us can keep our food cold, too. We have two normal kitchen size refrigerators and theyre both completely full of bags. You get lunch provided dont you? Hows the food at Snap? Better or worse than Sandis pita pizza days? Oh god this could tear the liga apart worse than the time the list destroyed sigep ^me on my way to work every day Same, Rengel! Im optimistic POWER RANKINGS OH GOD I LOVE POWER RANKINGS Im not connected with Zellick on any social medias. Whats his deal? Is he absolutely yoked now? Is it really stealing if nobody else wanted them? I was fine with most of the stuff she made. The only things I couldnt stomach were Swiss steak and the chicken cordon bleu Yeah I know and they were fucking terrible. I just went through their twitter feed and dear lord why Its horrendous ? ? Lmao Wieden & Kennedy Lol no Not really When do they move to vegas Theyll do hard knocks that year WOW Virginia going back to back Also I love that Rothstein tweeted that instead of just retweeting Hauser Lol yeah but I feel most of the time its SOURCES and not per his twitter page https://twitter.com/coach_leach/status/1133725166473809920?s=12 tbh this makes more sense than anything the state department has done in the last two and a half years ?Shoutout to this promoted tweet lmao Yeah it was interesting And infuriating Larry Scott can eat a dick The fact that he gets paid almost twice as much as the SEC commissioner is hilarious I would say Red Auerbach You know Just chomp on a huge cigar and make veiled racist comments This europa league final sucks. Both teams should lose. The real kings of north London dont play until Saturday All England UCL and europa Fair What about Jackie moon? Dress the kids up like seahorses and starfish and make them do a choreographed dance. I love semi pro So underrated God I hate these But Im gonna do it! Wilt, Pistol Pete, Larry Legend, MJ, Tim Duncan, KD Yall sleeping on pistol Pete No HAMMER?! Wow Are Pippen and Kenyons kids seniors? Ah thats right I think itll be the year after. They dont usually go back to back But I hope theyre there the next four years lol Oh idk why I thought he was younger lol those are pretty much the two worst power five schools Kawhi mvp odds dropped to +225 Raptors are +235 to win the series I shoulda jumped on Kawhi +300 when I had the chance I mean you wouldnt anymore Lotta dumb people out there man Has a finals mvp ever come from a losing team? Damn bob mueller really hit America with the per my last email yesterday I cant check on my laptop. I have to disconnect my phone from the nike wifi to gamble. Its honestly easier just to disconnect my phone from wifi. Especially since our wifi sucks and is broken half the time anyway. Lol true FREE BOOGIE *whats left of Nashville Lol damn the Rams stadium really gonna be named SoFi Stadium Or SoFi Field or whatever they call it Who How do you know hes a monk Maybe hes just a lunatic Does anybody know where Dom Toretto is? This has his fingerprints all over it. Spicy P putting up Hammer numbers 104-94 with 5:18 Holy shit brad calipari is entering the transfer portal lmao Gundy Stay off the weeeeeeeed ? ?Wow theyre basically giving away free money when My Son scores a goal tomorrow Wow a Son hat trick is going to make me fucking rich Da-da-da-dad of the year I just bet $4 on Son to net a hat trick today To win $500 ?? Tonight is the worst night of the year to live in Goose Hollow. Who decided it was ok to have a parade, a timbers game, and some sort of bike ride on the same night? Wondering the same thing Damn. Rengel figured it out. Weve been in The Rengel Show this entire time. Gundy the bumbershoot lineup just dropped ? Yeah the music is ok Im gonna be gone anyway so Im not that bummed Im missing it CRJ fucking rules The Midnight making it on to the lineup is extremely great news. They are so awesome and I hope they start doing more festivals. ? lol thats the dumbest shit Ive ever heard The closest soviet Russia got to POC was Russians in the Kamchatka region that kinda looked half Korean. You say house I say docking station to recharge his batteries. lol I saw that earlier today and almost choked on my water Really something to hang your 10 gallon hat on https://twitter.com/overtime/status/1135716495638634503?s=12 saucetown stand up https://twitter.com/youngandjoven/status/1135339638275465216?s=12 Dion Waiters AND JR Smith? this beach aint big enough for the two of them You dont? Oh holy shit gone in 60 seconds just started on showtime omg I mean hey Lets not say crazy things I think they are equally important films https://twitter.com/samstaydipped/status/1136016975937691649?s=12 Hell yeah I am Mystics -11 https://twitter.com/reformedbroker/status/1136267257611522048?s=12 https://twitter.com/ringer/status/1136362273390321664?s=12 Discuss Was it Zach Lowe? https://www.oregonlive.com/blazers/2019/06/nba-draft-a-look-at-the-portland-trail-blazers-and-the-no-25-pick.html Lol this is sad Hey same question should I watch the show first? What is it about? Logging? ?What did I miss My Lyft driver is playing biggie right now so I think I have to take his side Only cowards leave Oregon for Minnesota Good thing we dont know anybody personally that has done it What the fuck How does the money match up? How much are they gonna have to pay DAngelo? Hes a RFA, right? Like whats the market for him Wow gone in 60 seconds is on again what a #blessed week Those are some good lookin birds Thats not a final sample The Coming to America and Roses color ways are pretty sick Wow thats sexist Brock. Why do you hate womens sports? Wow Gundy are you saying rules dont matter if its a blowout? Wow Do you not think female athletes should be held to the same standards as men? Thats sexist I put down some coin the the USWNT +300 because its a ?? WOW FUCK SPORTSMANSHIP SHOOT THE FUCKING BALL The Raptors are frauds. They are not the north. Portland is. Wow one guy wears a turban courtside at a raptors game and all of the sudden hoomie is a huge fan Every star nerd prefaces +/- by saying I know I know it doesnt mean anything but then they still bring it up lol What the hell is a testicular contusion and why does it sound like the most painful thing that couldve ever happened to Mitch Haniger ESPN said contusion Did he just get hit in the balls super hard? Fuuuuck thats brutal Jesus why the fuck is KD playing tonight Or he could make his injury significantly worse The entire reason he traveled with the team is so that he can continue to get treatment in the locker room during games because he needs it that frequently Sounds to me like he shouldnt be playing I mean thats what his brand manager told me. She said she would be surprised if he played this series and here we are. His fragile ego is going to cause him long term pain Yeah thats true They were planning KD and Giannis win ads This was never an issue with Kobe. He was a true competitor. The GOAT. I actually really want to see Klay on the Clippers ?Just a couple of legends Dont worry Doris will get to the bottom of this Idk who needs to stfu more: Draymond or drake Hey Brock, FVV has a +/- of -15! Nah thats not that bad Now if his little chicken leg snapped in half and you made Kevin ware jokes about it then I would drive up to Sowa and rip your tomato plants out of the ground That counts in the SigEp backyard ? Bob Myers isnt dumb enough to tell KD he has to play lmao Nba players can do whatever they want, especially one that is about to leave the franchise Click the link lmao https://twitter.com/fatkiddeals/status/1138289327916703746?s=12 Lol yeah https://www.instagram.com/p/Byjf_bkFXwp/?igshid=86i0jrhmunsc god basketball has the shittiest Instagram Come at me https://twitter.com/komacore/status/1137692054899908608?s=21 I hope this bitch gets radiation poisoning If you didnt already, click through to the fourth photo I was stoned as hell when I saw detective pikachu and I really enjoyed it Psyduck had me dying classic Portland Like actually working or working like Magic used to work We were in the running but we couldnt compete with a large market. Please ignore the fact that I wasnt willing to give up players that I drafted because I love them like my own children. Maybe Woj just doesnt take any Portland rumors seriously COLLUSION! Man if the Pels did that trade they could end up with Zion, Rui, and like Romeo Langford or Kevin Porter in the draft Jrue, CJ, Rui, Zion, Zach is a nasty lineup Im watching that team on #NBAstreams every night Whats our starting five in that trade? Dame, Hood, Batum, Aminu, AD? LENGTH but no girth AD & Nurk omg Wow and then Skal can learn from AD Wow Houman has the tiniest boner for Kyle kuzma Damn, Radio groped a chick? Cuba Cooding Jr *gooding forgot to tell you guys I met with the founder of Overtime yesterday and he is such a nerd and its awesome Molly Qerim Nate Costa. Most underrated duck. Alejandro Maldonado. Most underrated duck of all time? Actual question at trivia tonight: yes or no: the Portland trailblazers have made the nba finals Im happy to report every team got it right. KAREN! Hes my favorite player No joke Wow thats devastating He played so fucking well at Roland Garros. My man was on a heater. The guy just crumbled under pressure like he was a nuclear reactor core in late 80s Ukraine I do. Give me that tasty, tasty draw in Australia v Brazil Im sitting about 10 feet away from LeBron in the cafeteria right now. Should I ask him if he wants any action, Space? Rengel I feel like you could be a good stand in for one of the Monstars when they do the green screen stuff Gundy tell me more about this other Luka. Are we adopting a second son? Ive been waiting so long to say this Jeremy Lin is an nba champion ^party pooper East is superior Imo Did anybody finish the season net positive? Just a reminder I won Brocks pool so I finished net positive ?? Houman had a pool? That money is long gone https://twitter.com/cbssports/status/1139380490203353089?s=21 ? Stfu Really? Damn his hog is that big? Toronto fans arent gonna flip any cars. Theyre gonna lift the cars and move them to safe parking space and then apologize for jaywalking. ? Man I might just be really high but this breakfast sandwich round of Beat Bobby Flay is absolutely riveting television Oh holy shit this dude just beat Bobby flay Curry, Cook, Iguodala, Green, Looney https://twitter.com/nbcbayarea/status/1139417668581068800?s=21 Masai on that fuck the police shit Ok come down blazers fans. We werent even supposed to make the playoffs this year and way overachieved. We should definitely be ahead of NO/OKC/DAL but were not too far below where we belong Kevin love is an expensive backup for AD imo I hope that Canada says fuck you were not extraditing him and then Trump starts another trade war Unless that corporation manufactures really expensive basketball shoes imo How are you guys celebrating trumps birthday? https://twitter.com/jaybusbee/status/1140445823827709952?s=12 New balance has marketing guys? Pretty good lesson in that decision, though. Take the easy win. Too many marketing times over do it. *teams Holy shit what Theyre still doing the speeches https://twitter.com/tpsoperations/status/1140716091129442305?s=12 https://twitter.com/bansky/status/1140617744473346050?s=21 omg Bill Simmons would pass out from all the blood rushing to his boner That edited photo is wildly inaccurate. Four of the six players should be on the bench with injuries. Idk why there are rumors swirling about the Lakers trying to get PatBev when they already have the perfect PG ? I just met Mike Barretts niece. She scheduled an informational interview with me and she definitely name dropped him Its Steve the Pirate, put some respect on his name Whoa... He Hate Me has gone missing https://twitter.com/nypost/status/1141050140641435649?s=12 Pourmecoffee is one of my favorite accounts. Specially his trump replies This USMNT v Guyana game is the crappiest crap Ive ever watched Why is John strong calling this game instead of the real national team in France? https://twitter.com/rolling_rock/status/1138801968107966464?s=12 ^best promoter post ever Utah gave up a whole lot of nothing for him Lol no way Utah is a 2 LeBron & AD > Conley & Gobert & Mitchell Kawhi & Sweet Lou & Danilo & Montrezl > Conley & Gobert & Mitchell No way hes staying in Toronto ??bet Caruso 19 Gundy - point of clarification on our bet... are we talking $20USD or $20 Canadian? Ok cool I dont want any of those fucking loonies Redemption tour bus exploded Love is love Wait thats a different message Damn does one of the aliens still his talent and start spitting bars? Do you think the WNBA players are gonna make 30% as much as the NBA players? How many points is AD gonna get on the backend if he agrees to waive that $4MM trade kicker? lmao true Cant wait for the episode of The Shop that only has cast members Goddamn Rengel I just spit out my beer Same We dont think we can improve at all Jody can back that money truck up and pay any tax. Right after she backs that ass up I love Robersons game but I feel like hes always injured? I love grant Williams Grant Williams should come to Portland and wear 44 a la Brian grant I subscribe to the draft best available school of thought I love ty Jerome so much That is fucking ruthless lol I bet both teams to score and USA to win at +200 Cmon Sweden give me a fucking goal WWZD Griffin is wheeling and dealing Where is sideline olshey It does not appear that I can bet NBA draft on BetOnline If youre not picking #1, you might as well trade your picks to get what you need. Bol Bol looks like an idiot lol What the hell is that suit Lmao Knicks fans are real ones for booing the raptors If the pelicans use all five minutes they should lose all future first round picks Lmao the Team Needs for the Knicks was literally Everything. Starters and bench. RJ is gonna be a bust and Im so thrilled its the Knicks picking him Im sorry did Woj just say the Cavs are thinking the eastern conference version of Dame & CJ? Is garland wearing a trench coat I love jaxson Hayes and I love that the he has a sideshow bob chain https://twitter.com/billsimmons/status/1141872181346885632?s=12 Have the blazers really not picked yet? Jfc I hate televised drafts Just give me a fucking iPhone notes with all the picks and spare me the rece Davis observations Ian have you pre ordered a jersey yet Chad!!!! Terrence Mann is a great pick by the clippers https://twitter.com/oregonian/status/1141920804839596034?s=12 DeHaan your Hebrew homies got the axe Wow holy shit Tremont Waters is a sick pick by the Celtics. Fuck Kyrie Damn I really like what Ainge is doing. Romeo Langford, Grant Williams, Tremont Waters Mike Francesca is gonna be thrilled the Knicks picked a white from America Omg rip Marvin bagley We barely knew you lol a dude isnt allowed to have a bad game? Hes one of the best shooters in ncaa history For sure. Its terrible. But you cant judge a player based on one game. That would be the most idiotic assessment ever. Brock can you actually start archiving the dumbest takes in this chat for our year in review? It probably evens out Bill Simmons said they move too fast through the draft picks What the fuck is he talking about The draft was like 12 hours long lol youre an idiot Do you really truly believe that adding the best shooter in the ncaa to your **summer league** team is a mistake? Worst case scenario he lives up to this rep youve created for him and thats it for him Best case scenario he lights it up and you add him to the end of the bench for a team that thrives on spot up shooting Conor did an entire SigEp Sunriver with appendicitis If we can get him on the cheap might as well keep him Jin Yang, Cams BFF https://twitter.com/i/events/1142497087038189568 I saw gary Trent at quickfish in the Pearl last Sunday Hes not as big as me I could fight him The hero Portland needs. And Kevin Love. LFG Yeah but this new shitty contract can shoot the ball Nah baze cant run the point For the hawks A team that couldnt create much of anything on offense right On a team where he was one of the best players lol Lol I mean theyre not wrong Man Im over this intro on the nba awards IM SO PROUD OF MY SLOVENIAN SON Damn Boom Dizzles sweater is ?????? Robin Roberts out here trying to make me cry For a defensive POY Rudy goberts suit sure is offensive Lmao Vlade and Morey finished tied? YES GIANNIS https://twitter.com/houstonrockets/status/1143358248277499905?s=12 lmao this is so lame Its an entire thread Happy birthday, Mr. Yim! Am I way off here or is 1.9MM kinda insulting? I feel like hes way better than that? gotcha Ok so portland isnt really lowballing him? Thats just the standard procedure? lol damn chad I respect the hell out of that. My 12 year olds cant even do lefty layups I think he was always going to? Im out on KD to the Knicks. I dont think its happening anymore. Holy shit that is beautiful Congrats dude I love that Gundy squeezed his wedding in between the draft and free agency. A true nba man. lmao LeBron is giving up #23. What a fucking genius. Narrative: LeBron is a great teammate. Hes giving AD the number hes always worn. Reality: LeBron about to sell twice as many laker jerseys. Kobe Stans: Kobe wore two numbers for the Lakers better than LeBron ever could. I think that qualifies you to coach the Phoenix Suns. https://twitter.com/l_hurd/status/1144431516962787329?s=12 alright we roll the balls out and let the kids hoop, who wins: Coach Chad or Coach Lamar? So does Vegas They arent paying jimmy My Bucks arent getting better while the rest of the east is Dragic & Luka reunited and it feels so good If Carlisle ever retires they gotta hire Igor Yeah hes worth every penny. Good value. Whos still out there that we could sign for the vet min? https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1145511788265517056?s=21 I dont understand this You have JA on a rookie deal, why pay $10M for essentially the same player? Pacers? Ed Davis to Utah The Knicks are so fucking inept. Apparently Dolan wasnt willing to give KD the max? So instead he spent that money on Randle & Taj? Noooooooooo lol we have Mario Hezonja a player option? *gave NOLA https://twitter.com/chrisbhaynes/status/1145538410259501058?s=21 Brian Fernandez is the best player in MLS do not @ me Dragic would be a sick backup for Caruso imo ? https://twitter.com/shamscharania/status/1145570779356119040?s=21 wow the rich get richer That is a broken man I dont think its even remotely the same thing Kawhi is from Southern California and its been a long running narrative that he wanted to go home. And the Lakers are one of the two most prestigious franchises in the league that traditionally everybody wants to play for It will be Chad RoLo is off the board Well, yeah. But what are the chances that happens? Whos out there still? Im gonna be honest, I kinda like this Dallas team even without dragic deal 4/32 for Seth Yeah he deserves it Hassan simultaneously has a high ceiling and a low floor its pretty incredible Holy shit Naomi Osaka lost in the first round wow ML Brand Boutique on Ocean Drive is gonna be a vibe Dame gonna bust Whitesides ass if he doesnt fall in line I wouldnt expect to see Nurk before March ?Looks like KD already gave Kyrie the keys to his IG account Just a couple of truth seekers on a quest for enlightenment in DUMBO How many weeks into the season until Jimmy murders Meyers? ? Its gonna be the worst teammate bullying Miami has seen since Richie Incognito and Jonathan Martin The Knicks now have DSJ, Frankie Smokes, Elfrid, RJ, Bullock, Trier, Ellington, Dameyan Dotson, Knox, Brazdeikis, Julius Randle, Bobby Portis, Taj Gibson, Mitchell Robinson Im rock hard Can we afford any of that You know whos an UFA... Ray Felton Lol Im kidding mark JJ Barea or Jose Calderon? Dam.n JBay? Ah I didnt know that What about the DRAGAN? ???? Kosta Kofous?! Richuan Holmes would be good. What about Faried? https://www.instagram.com/p/BzY7-zspPEM/?igshid=42y9twwpxxx6 nas rocking that overtime merch No offense to SA, but wouldnt he rather come to a real contender? Chad please dont tell your friend Derrick I said that Yeah fuck the Lakers I hope they get Kawhi And then I can feel joy when they fuck it all up Holy shit Mike Daum is on the blazers summer league roster!!! Oh shit! https://twitter.com/shamscharania/status/1145916514517815297?s=12 Dont be greedy hoomie https://twitter.com/evanempdx/status/1145838346943586314?s=12 https://www.theplayerstribune.com/en-us/articles/sue-bird-megan-rapinoe-uswnt Lmaaaaooooo that celebration SMDFTB ENGLAND BALL DONT LIE 1776 wasnt a fluke, you cunts. Hamstring Im gonna go buy a bunch of tea after work and dump it in the lake this weekend as a ???????? to the Brits Tolliver is more valuable than Bell tbh Bell is a great energy guy, but he doesnt give you much scoring and he kept getting in trouble on a team where it shouldve been really easy for him to keep it straight Shit I didnt realize Richaun Holmes signed with the Kings. Can we trade Skas back to the kings for him? https://twitter.com/meelztv/status/1146183021608996867?s=12 Im here for public shaming https://twitter.com/rjeff24/status/1146238584560783360?s=12 BIG3?! Mike Daum will be Summer League MVP Oh The Dauminator aka #7 all time in NCAA D1 scoring? Youve had enough, Rengel? Man were in the middle of World Cup, Wimbledon, and a huge womens launch next week and I gotta waste my time dealing with the insane amount of incoming hate from all the 50 year old inbred MAGA dipshits who have never spent more than $100 lifetime with Nike. All because we *didnt* release a product they never wouldve purchased in the first place But shoutout to the New Mexico governor for @ mentioning us saying we should talk. Im down with her. Lmao Im not offended by the hammer and swoosh but Im 1000% offended that he put it on a fucking Roshe what an asshole Or AF1 Air Comrades coming soon to a bread line near you They must have taken those photos at the Antifa rally on Sunday Omg I need new shorts https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1147641243075317760?s=12 omg holy shit ?????? If there are two things I hate in this world its those that are intolerant of other peoples culture and the the Dutch. Its so so so bad Is that b/r mural a banksy original? https://twitter.com/lil_buts/status/1147937949465497600?s=12 BIG MOOD ? https://twitter.com/bruhreport/status/1148008955467055104?s=21 Nah Im not. I only watch good soccer. lmao shoutout to that guy in the chingue a su madre t-shirt they just did a close up on https://twitter.com/trailblazers/status/1148062156778176517?s=12 the blazers did not execute this tweet correctly They had the right idea for sure Yeah he thicc MVP BABY LETS GO Stranger Things is so good Shit is it all star week https://www.instagram.com/p/BzmNRduH5cD/?igshid=9ypo5cv7fite ZC better be careful. The last two blazers to rep Portland gear got their asses traded... ?Suck it, snowflakes! ?Hey a thing I did was on PTI today https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1148767855351128064?s=12 Nike
Starbucks
Macys 
Keurig
Gillette
Ben & Jerrys
Apple
CNN
Univision Oh man Rip Torn died. Thats a bummer. Right I didnt realize he was 88 I have seen three I dont really watch action movies Ive seen I am Legend, John Wick, and Inglorious Basterds Yeah it ruled how is Steve McNair worth $5? Hes dead Yeah now youre starting to get it Its not a potentially career ending injury if your career is already over if a guy was still playing and got sickle cell, wow that would be devastating what about cherry? Why would somebody create that gif Where is Dame & Hassan? We are really specifically looking for bad players.

Who said it? Trump referring to undocumented migrants or Scott Perry referring to the Knicks offseason plans? Damn. Is his health that bad? Holy shit The burger pimp It was a different era, Chad. Im so offended by this https://twitter.com/trillblazin/status/1150140448901652480?s=12 How the fuck did the DMV allow this? Im finishing season one of BLL right now lol are any of you watching WSOP? This is incredible lmao https://twitter.com/drjkip/status/1150981217761841152?s=21 Oppenheim 100% is coked out with a hooker on his lap https://twitter.com/carterthepower/status/1150981308912418816?s=21 Somebody get that blonde a fresh drink ive been waiting on the coming to America color way for so fucking long and they pulled the date up to 8.2 and Ill be overseas ?????? Not for something thatll be on SNKRS If it was flow product I could probably finesse my way into it Bro we have 70,000+ employees lmao If they let employees get first crack at SNKRS there wouldnt be anything left for you common folk Once in a while they will do pop ups on campus with deadstock sneakers but I never buy any Sorry, I meant consumers What did I say Damn autocorrect Yeah specific color ways will go to SNKRS and others will just go to .com If product ever doesnt sell out on SNKRS it flows to .com too but theres no way these wont sizzle Yeah exactly sometimes they just wayyyyy overestimate demand and sometimes the shoe just sucks. Either way, not everything sells out. Yeah bro He cant fuck with my PSP like that Different product teams so probably not. Licensed operates independently of categories. Our licensed business sucks. We should give it up and let fanatics own it. Fanatics puts big bets down on championship product which is why they can deliver so fast. They also have in-house lines for most licensed gear. People dont care what brand logo is on their t-shirt as long as the team logo is right. Nice shirt 7 and counting Wow Gundy out here protecting his SOURCES I respect the shit out of that GundyHive is not to be fucked with ? https://www.cnbc.com/2019/07/16/ea-slides-after-losing-licensing-rights-to-ronaldos-team-juventus.html?utm_source=Hashtag+Sports&utm_campaign=6179b46a0a-HSD_July_16_COPY_01&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_ebc768df89-6179b46a0a-309860041 No idea what you guys are talking about. Seems like a pretty innocent app to me. oh I refuse to download the app. That would signal to my Soviet overlords where Ive been hiding this entire time Smirnoff https://www.reddit.com/r/ripcity/comments/cej3aa/for_what_seems_like_a_lifetime/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app Aaron fuckin Boone can SMDFTB https://twitter.com/yahoosports/status/1152236418602864641?s=12 Fuck CSKA https://vimeo.com/347811195 This is fucking hilarious but also so relevant to me Oh boy some big dumbs are in Portland for the weekend Theres a 100% chance of rolling blackouts in the greater Portland area https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1152307567634391041?s=21 for all the haters claiming trumpito is racist Christines sister keeps calling Rengel Brock What a text LFG TIMBERS!!!!! I hope Dame is rewarded next year come Olympics If I see Shaq in the mosh pit at W2 of Tomorrowland just know I am coming for his head. This is for Scottie and Sheed. Did you guys leave any drugs for the rest of the festival goers? Its gonna be 108 in Paris on Thursday and 104 in Boom when we get to the campsite. Not surprising. They pitched him hard. Jordan needs a signature that isnt Russ or CP3 lol I love I Love You, Man but its outrageous that he just finds a parking spot right in front of the bar in Venice that doesnt happen https://www.instagram.com/p/B0SPU88BpSu/?igshid=1y25cede5014x Need dat Need to know his favorite Spanish spot ASAP Its not a clear line lol Its a delta baggage check in line Not soon enough Just saw somebody wearing a Lillard jersey and a lakers hat in the Brussels airport. Im so triggered rn. ? Damn guys, call me Louis the Shitsteenth because I just took a dump at the Palace of Versailles ?????? Cross one off the honey bucket list Yeah but like we get Maccabi Haifa at home The Pigalle Baskeball court is cool but the competition is fucking weak. I would mop the pink and blue gradient floor with these Parisian chumps. Gundy you would wreck these fools no joke But honestly watching these dudes argue fouls and travels in French was so entertaining ?Prediction by Shinzo Basketball? Also I almost paid too much money for a Sabonis Lithuania jersey at Shinzo until I realized the old man never wore a Lithuania jersey and it was definitely Domantas Omg your job relocated you to Miami that sounds so painful Wait whats that? Your employer is handling all of the logistics? However will you manage? Wait Kai got engaged? Dingus couldnt point out Ohio on a map if you have him 100 tries and circled it so I doubt he knows the difference between Dayton and Toledo The Baxter Holmes interview on Longform Podcast is pretty good. Probably most relevant for our resident big-J Journo but its interesting Pod Save America Live and An Evening with Anderson Cooper are on the same night in Portland. An impossible decision for the libs. Team USA games are going to be live streamed on Twitch What about Kyrie Irving and Spen---lmao nvm I cant even say it Also fuck Kyrie for just not showing up to his nike photoshoot. Straight up ghosted. He also showed up to a Kyrie Spongebob event NOT wearing the Spongebobs. He was wearing Cortez Kennys Obviously dont share that beyond this group. Just ridiculous, though. Honest to god Im surprised Kyrie hasnt been punched by one of his teammates yet Need Brock to create a SigEp lunch table meme Who wants to sit at table 3 with Ian Fadden, Theo Dutrow, and Danny Cobb? I mean, they essentially are. DDD > Hard Knocks https://bleacherreport.com/articles/2848691-report-juventus-willing-to-accept-eur70m-tottenham-hotspur-bid-for-paulo-dybala oh LFG https://www.instagram.com/p/B01apicBXJG/?igshid=d2nr7qtwzg08 https://youtu.be/9_yBcNFYv8o This movie looks... not good. https://twitter.com/theonion/status/1158896313594974208?s=12 it me 100% fair If youre going to donate to a campaign you should have no problem facing it publicly https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1158950196560171014?s=12 remember when trump respected El Paso law enforcement so much that he didnt pay them the $593K he owes them for his last campaign visit? Blazers are hiring a branded content specialist. Branded content gives me such a hard on. ? Hes a clown Also if anybody is looking for a social media manager job at an agency, one of the guys on our account at LS just left Wow I bet delta is absolutely crushed to lose such a valuable customer with so much social media clout Being a social media manager for an airline is truly the worst job in marketing Just bought my first signature pair ever. Know not everybody here loves the Freak 1s but I had to cop those Coming to Americas to support my large greek son Giannis I almost bought them on SNKRS and then when they didnt sell out I was like Im gonna check the ES I actually really dig the ankle support. Gonna be a treat to play in. / Probably the first and last signature I buy until Nike gives my large Slovenian son a sig https://vimeo.com/347166849 Oh yeah that dude loves sneakers Wow working hard or hardly working, amirite? Im at a Shakey Graves and Lord Huron at the zoo and I dont think there is one person here who isnt white. https://twitter.com/windhorstespn/status/1160044903843282945?s=12 Thanks Bros! Im sitting on the patio at Tope and who do I see at the next table... Boom Dizzle Hello, friend. I like to partake in cocaine. Do you happen to have any for purchase? Brock I just lold Griner has been in multiple fights this season She deserves to be suspended big time lol I would run away too Griner could pummel me https://twitter.com/tuftecake/status/1160578801589317633?s=12 Let us rejoice! I think Im gonna go visit Poopy in SLC for that 2/7 game at the Jazz The NYC bros get to see the Blazers on New Years day Unless you decide to fly out to the rose bowl go ducks Bro the other game in SLC is Dec 26th which is not doable unfortunately i could be back in time for the heat game on Sunday night Short flight Thats gonna be a hot ticket https://twitter.com/bengolliver/status/1161030678206509056?s=12 yo how bad are we gonna get embarrassed at the World Cup lmao How sure are you Houman lol I dont really hate Spain at +1600 350 Greece at +2000 The Antetokounmpo bros + Tyler Dorsey lol Houman you can get some real value with Iran. +75000 Is Enes playing for Turkey?!?!?!?!?! Lol He must be one of those pizzagate guys https://twitter.com/okpants/status/1161117793804267520?s=12 hooooooly fuck I am too high for this Did you read his players tribune? https://www.theplayerstribune.com/en-us/articles/nfaly-dante-dear-mom https://www.instagram.com/p/B1G_nvUHdj7/?igshid=uxasg6abylv5 ? Ok Im trying to win free tix to this Vegas music festival. Can you dudes just click this link and use a burner email to sign up for presale so I get more points? https://arep.co/Nxtw01 If I win the $10,000 amazon gift cards Ill share I mean, in the right light... kinda. https://twitter.com/fivethirtyeight/status/1161403316468948992?s=12 and the 43% won THEYRE BACK Innovate or die Oh I pressure test content in the JCSL all the time Rip City row for sure Im so curious what happened with Lakewood PD that led him to getting a custom sticker made https://twitter.com/cnn/status/1161391991323791361?s=12 ooooo damn the GOP is gonna be so pissed when they hear about this They might boycott penguins Lol I mean we were in college during the great recession so we didnt directly feel the pain. (Fully acknowledging that our families likely did and we indirectly felt that) I wish I was the 1% But none of us got laid of in 2008 or got foreclosed on or any of that shit right According to Ben Shapiro if you work more than two jobs its a you problem Question. Can you call in sick to work on a Thursday if you drunkly ran into your boss at a timbers game on a Wednesday? ?Lmao this string of replies is killing me lololololol Damn Boogie just cant catch a break Messed up his knee practicing https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1161719409804808193?s=12 I will donate $69 to his campaign if he can explain what an inverted yield curve is Shit Oh wow it sounds like SVG is going to Turner Has it dropped by 1000 points? I dont watch the markets https://twitter.com/jasonlieser/status/1161814445359882240?s=12 Hell yeah go ducks Im out on the NFL but I do love me some Kyle Long loose cannon content Theyre supposed to be pretty good this year but I think we just lost one for the season Hes eligible to provide you with some cost-effective insurance options I dont think Love really needs to be recruited. I think hes very willing to come here. I think Neil is the one that needs convincing Good point I feel like I would rather have ZC than LMA Long term Trumpito wants to buy Greenland. GREEDY CAM Former known LMA hater Cam Smith now wants it all Cam you gotta understand If you love something Sometimes you have to set it free Free free, set them free https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LSGl3d4KOMk I honestly cant tell if Cam wants LMA or not lol Its so passive aggressive God it isnt even Saturday yet and Im already so fucking pissed at these tiny dick racists for their stupid fucking riots Fuck the proud boys, fuck patriot prayer, fuck rose city antifa, fuck anybody who is responsible for property damage and violence on Saturday. I hope they all get pepper sprayed and thrown in county. You see! Chad and Willoughbys shenanigans are cheeky and fun. These rioters shenanigans are mean Dude thats the most infuriating part How would you like it if I came into your home and broke all your shit, punched your neighbor, and left you to fix everything 2018 UW at Oregon is on ESPNU right now. First quarter just ended. He allegedly left a voicemail apologizing to the guy and claiming he thought he was a protester, which, if it was, obviously wouldve been ok. Lmaooooo Because of the riots Honestly those uptight racist fucks could benefit from a hit of that tasty, tasty jeb. Very lax freedom of speech and assembly laws and low likelihood of prosecution Combined with an extremely left demographic that is a target for extreme right wing groups Basically groups like the Proud Boys know our mayor is a pussy and they can get a rise out of the community with little to no repercussions Portland is like 99% white too lol The people rioting arent even from here for the most part Recent poll indicated that 84% of republicans think discrimination toward white Americans is just as bad as discrimination toward people of color PPD should hit all the rioters with the classic frat who do you know here, bro? Yeah like Him, Him! Wow that tweet has fucking LAYERS Spaceman Im high and cleaning my apartment so I feel you Wait Jay-Z is getting an ownership stake in a team?! What a motherfucker This is gonna be a really bad look for Portland. Maybe its time to consider moving to a more diverse and tolerant city. Like Milwaukee. Its like Portland bridge pedal but instead of pedaling bikes theyre pedaling stupid takes nobody asked for Just watched the 2005 Elite 8 matchup between Zona & Illinois. Derron Williams was a fucking man among boys. Channing Frye and Hassan Adams played incredible games but Luther Head was a terror on defense. ?? Damn https://twitter.com/themalaru/status/1163094674409529345?s=12 Idk if any of you watched the righteous gemstones last night but that might be the funniest shit on television right now I feel like he was sick at one point? Might need a fact check on that. But Danny McBride (who is a comedic genius) basically made Succession but instead of a media conglomerate the family business is a mega church lol really? link me Im not a big fan of his work in general but I actually like his character in this show Recruits arent watching full games. Theyre watching highlights, talking to coaches/players And going to official visits every week Larry Scott is a fucking ?? Hes burning cash like he was running a tech startup It should be literally anywhere besides SF Larry thinks hes running a media company rather than an athletic conference The problem is his media company sucks Russillo Pod today was great. Him and Stanford Steve talk about being at the USC game at Autzen that Greg Oden was at and how shook USC looked because of Autzen noise Yeah Wow Chad sounds like Pop is playing favorites with your boy Derrick White https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1163961882945970176?s=12 https://www.oregonlive.com/blazers/2019/08/bill-walton-to-bike-ride-with-trail-blazers-fans-this-sunday.html?outputType=amp anybody got a bike I can borrow on Sunday? Might need to borrow it from you lol Honestly I probably should get one. Im considering selling my car. https://twitter.com/nba/status/1164008024035532800?s=12 yo can he suit up for us tho These team names are so bad lol I guess Im riding with the Houston Roughnecks since I appreciate the homage to the old Oilers logo Plus they have June Junes as head coach. *Jones Just got a cold call email from a production agency seeking new business. The entire email was a recap of work they did for our #1 competitor. *block sender* *report SPAM* ?My 99% sure that Wes just has a son named Tyler but if THAT Tyler Dorsey is coming to morning hoops I want to be on his team I should reply and remind him not to reply all to the group Just saw a Tesla with the license plate DSRUPT Fully torqued rn Literally the only pair of monarchs I never bought i knew I loved patty Chung good Finished the Ramona podcast earlier today. She fucking crushed it. Bernie would give Bob Cousy buckets. Cause hes old and racist? ? The only thing Dwight would help is the LA sports content machine Gundy would have so many things to write about like LeBron invites entire team over for taco Tuesday. Forgets Dwight. And LeBron murders Dwight in cold blood for throwing bad outlet pass Yeah its a package dea *deal That would be dope I have no idea who I would even talk to about that But its a fantastic idea Adam Silver would be into it Bro I actively avoid any conversations with WK https://twitter.com/karlbuscheck/status/1164935335496695808?s=12 move to SF, still use Oakland marks lmao There are three more in there including The City Four court options Including San Francisco Warriors lol Saw teddy today. Told him to get fucked. Go timbers. https://twitter.com/chasevibe/status/1164664402123075584?s=12 also happy birthday to an undisputed top 50 NBA player Im boycotting soul cycle Ok if were talking breakfast biscuits thats a completely different conversation The honey butter chicken biscuit at whataburger is the undisputed champion Whataburger burgers are forgettable but the breakfast is good Lol in n out prints bible verses on its packaging so yeah, it makes sense theyre donating to trump Yeah man theyre some burger slangin bible thumpers Burgerville fucks. I also get enjoyment out of telling Californians that its better than In N Out. Watching them experience an aneurism in real time is fun. Love super deluxe They actually have a good chicken sandwich Fun fact: if somebody uses the phrase snackable content in a deck I stop reading a close keynote. Chocolate hazelnut shake is money Milkshakes are supposed to be concrete ? Tami isnt wrong about that Mark My favorite is the idea that anybody has ever told her to stick to politics lmao Pitt over 6?! What?! Brock Im gonna tail your bets but only the ones that are winners I like the season long rankings challenge Pick 8 teams:
1-5 (1)
6-10 (1)
11-15 (1)
16-20 (1)
21-25 (1)
Unranked (3)

You get in the inverse of points of whatever their ranking is x 3. #1 ranked gets 75 pts, #2 gets 72, #25 gets 3. Plus one point for every spot they moved from start of season. Unranked are considered #26. Brock you have Pitt, Wake, and BC all over 6. Theyre the shittiest teams in the conference there is no way they all are bowl eligible. I guess 2-1 is like highly successful overall This video has been circulating today but its from a while ago. But the point stands. He sucks. Matty come find me and big dog after we climb back and win this match Matty get a good spot on the rail for us see you there He wouldnt have made it through I-Week DJ Dallas with a beastly run wow Gators beating themselves https://twitter.com/therealoj32/status/1165441329226276866?s=12 Andrew luck about to go into witness protection Love that play cal by the gators lol good look for Indy ? Holy shit what did I just watch ?President Donald J. Cuck Doesnt Troy Aikman work for FOX? New Chappelle is fucking hilarious Lmao just wait until the end. Hyper relevant for this chat https://www.newsweek.com/tomi-lahrens-patriotic-clothing-line-allegedly-made-china-despite-her-calls-companies-produce-1456226 Idk but hopefully its steel toed Dude if you go back and watch it again the first time he says it and people start laughing theres a white dude in like the fourth row thats just staring at him and completely doesnt get it lmao Hes looking at him like uh huh. Go on. Who is this Juicy guy? https://twitter.com/bravelywriting/status/1166439417000517632?s=21 Interesting. Callahan is blocked too. Are all Bernie Bros blocked?! Beavs fucking suck. Theyre gonna get blown out. Whos in for a CFB pool? The one I described where you basically pick 8 teams Nah Im not trying to do weekly I wanna pick once and collect my cheddar at the end Lmao they filmed space jam 2 at jimmy Goldsteins house From the Hollywood reporter: Goldstein who just returned from a six-week trip to Europe was not on set that day, but he says he wouldve happily caught up with his old friend. Is Jimmy Goldstein on Cameo? And being a slumlord I have not but I imagine it was expensive Lmao are you fucking kidding me?! Its bad enough they fucked over all those Iraqis and Afghanis that fought for the US under the promise that they would be granted citizenship Super cool and logically sound is the title of trumps presidential biography Gunz putting the onions on the table Its gonna be under by a country mile Yeah I got 24-20 Then again it could be 54-0 ducks. Gillibrand is out Oh for sure. The sooner the better Lmao what a fuck I want to take every home dog this week lol forgot about the beavs Yeah for sure Russillo with a playoff pick that got me rock hard this morning: Georgia, Clemson, Texas, and quack quack motherfuckers its the Oregon Ducks https://twitter.com/johncanzanobft/status/1167124366120738816?s=12 My Zenit comrades are here to fuck everybody up God I love Larry I have not but that sounds amazing lol Guys im excited to win an absolute boatload of money fading UCLA all season long Just saw some real Oklahoman looking mother fuckers at PDX Theyre gonna feel right at home in Corvallis ?Opinion: no. lol Im mostly kidding. I support vegan. Ive dabbled in vegan. I also dont wanna get lectured on it every time a vegan unprompted starts telling you about why they didnt order meat at your team lunch. Less 4chan more 69chan Beyond meat spicy fiesta crumbles are dope They are great in tacos and bowls 6:44am and my lyft driver is fucking bumping some petey pablo Oregon football put the state on the map? Fuck you, Rengel. - Lewis & Clark Wow Gundy I was also the 5th grade geography bee champ If only they had a beaverton vs sauce showdown I would trip up on Vermont/NH but the other 48 I got locked Dude you gotta bring wipes with you and give it a quick wipe down Those seats dont ever get cleaned Is the Oregon eats Popeyes chicken sign supposed to be a dis? https://twitter.com/worldwidewob/status/1167835024894439424?s=12 Maryland is beating Howard 71-0 with 5 minutes left in the 3rd. Is that a hate crime? Lets check in with Noles nation, shall we? ? Wow definitely dont tweet that ??????? Ill let you know when were done marching Rengel But so far so good Somebody needs to hit the weight room and it aint one of Coach Felds kids Dont mind me Im just eating a Fenway Frank and drinking an ice cold coors light while Zac brown band covers sweet baby james by james taylor The guy next to me just offered me some devils lettuce!!! holy shit this bar just started playing Africa by Toto there is literally a 0% chance we lose Fuck fuck fuck fuck No flag? FUCK I think DeHaan wouldve thrown a better last ball than that Dropped TD pass and a big fumble are massive swings Yeah the play calling was bizarre in the last 20 minutes ?At least this hit https://twitter.com/schwartzsteins/status/1167970311234641920?s=21 Hugh Freeze coaches Liberty but hes in the hospital (i think?) because of a staph infection lol https://twitter.com/gameonlu/status/1167927438208143366?s=12 lmao please watch this and tell me its not a Will Ferrell movie Happy birthday real DMB Can we please talk about how Rengel has betrayed his Zers? What would really tan Portland Ken say? ND is ass. Cardinals by a billion. lol I saw that tweet last night and went on a deep dive to determine if it was real because it sounds so absurd. Ive concluded it happened. Everybody should just put down the guns and enjoy a nice trump tower taco salad instead I get the sense that we survived is going to be the theme of the tournament ?? Fuck Brazil for so many reasons I heard Barbosa was the one that set the amazon fires Connect the dots, sheeple. Were the only 0-1 team in the top 25. Man Im tellin yall #6 vs #9 in Austin this Saturday is gonna be the nicest game of the day https://www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/27529797/brazil-coach-slams-giannis-beating-greece Ill kill him How many times have they changed the name of that stadium Lmao this jackass just took a sharpie to it What a fucking clown The app is getting shut down Thats sad ? Oh yeah sorry that shouldve had a ? On the end Its the worst news ive received today I have just been following along via twitter But dear god A real pedo paradise His jeep commercials are some of the shittiest things Ive ever seen Makes me want to go full on hurt locker without the suit My soccer heads need to watch Take Us Home: Leeds United on Amazon Russell Crowe narrated Man of all the hills to die on lol But also if the fake news knows it doesnt that inherently make it... nvm. Theres no logic with him. FIBA on one screen, Gameday on the other Lmao its been 4 games Only cunts call it the Barclays lmao Fuck AB Guy is a bigger pain in the ass than Odell Odell is a massive pain in the ass Maybe not for his team, but definitely for his sponsors Nah, hes universally hated by people at Nike that have to work with him with the exception of the former VP of NA brand marketing I have no opinion on his or ABs football playing abilities AB missed four flights in one day last year that we booked for him to come to an event he was contractually obligated to be at An event for kids no less I will agree with you, chad. OBJ hasnt ever done anything to jeopardize his on field performance I think one time he might have kicked something on the sideline? But that was minor AB 100% has CTE Do you concur, Dr. Mirtorabi? Imagine being the guy that cut Antonio Brown lol The BT Season Kickoff Special Nah Im out on the nfl Nah I just hate the nfl and now that I dont work on it anymore I dont have to watch it NCAA MBB is my favorite sport sooooo Yeah Im about to board my flight. Im five coors lights deep hook em Bill Simmons hates the blazers lol yeah he got left on the cutting room floor https://twitter.com/killakow/status/1169943519080910850?s=12 WHAT?! Nooooooo! He probably heard one too many Jayson Tatum takes and snapped Titus is the face for sure but Tate was the structure He kept Titus focused They worked really well together That was some absolute ass Well were her tits amazing? Stick to esports ninja How long until reddit streams get shut down Yeah it sucks Wish it was the other way around How does that work Beautiful I wish it was nba season already Fuck me man this four hour flight is about to put me in a dark place Texas Longhorn ???? Crazy Taxi was one of my all time favorite games I hope Argentina beats the Serbian ass on Wednesday. *tomorrow https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1171150151035117573?s=12 I bet this guy is highly educated on the dangers of poop lung. https://twitter.com/theonion/status/1171125630647308290?s=21 https://vmagazine.com/article/kacey-musgraves-on-her-hayao-miyazaki-super-fandom/ honestly I didnt think it was possible for me to love Kacey more than I already do Lmao I was just about to send that tweet https://twitter.com/ambjohnbolton/status/1171455806069305346?s=12 100% chance Trump wanted to wait until this morning to distract from Tim Apples event https://twitter.com/futurecanon/status/1171220828106690560?s=21 Might not be able to make it to drinks, but are you on the nike campus? I just booked my flight to LA for the USC game Lets fucking fuck ashley is coming too. Didnt take much convincing for her to agree to UW and USC away. Make fun all you want big dog but imma be slammin oyster shooters and ace of spades with Bezos on one of his smaller boats while your broke ass is standing on the shore eating a hot dog OJ seems like a good judge of character I didnt really like the Rodman film, Rengel. I thought there were some interesting points but it felt like they stretched a 45 minute story into two hours. I loved the animated 30 for 30 short from a few years ago though. Its so obvious Salley hates him lol. I was really surprised they got Jordan, though. Didnt expect that. I think my issues were less with the narrative and more with how it was made. The weird VO and dramatizations. Oh Ive already been scouring the web for good examples I cant wait to thank the fuck out of the troops at that game Jesus Christ lol Probably drake and majid Jordan would be my guess ? A clue, Watson. Bill Burr goes off on that book in his new special lol I actually agree with that top 10 Are we sure Russ is a top 20 player? ?? I mean, yeah. I would agree with that. I guess I mean I agree with the 10 players selected. Definitely Beal. Mitchell not yet, but soon. admittedly I havent watched many spurs games, but I feel like I significantly undervalue LA. is he really that good still? he was an all-star, yeah? I mean I think we can all agree that he benefits from being on Derrick Whites team. Cant wait for him to sign with Portland next summer and cam to immediately forgive him and get his jersey lol https://twitter.com/BernieSanders/status/1172196927087112192?s=20 Bernie talkin SPICY today https://twitter.com/means_tv/status/1172111510761590786?s=21 ?Multi-cultural management specialist! omg Im in my emotions right now Big Sausage Pizza concessions Anybody trying to go to the timbers game next Wednesday night? Got two extra tickets to move for $30 a pop Lmk mark Is the chicken alive Hes no jack lomax thats for sure https://twitter.com/betoorourke/status/1172359875093061632?s=12 https://twitter.com/windhorstespn/status/1172506978670637057?s=12 As my man Jules Winnfield once said, I dont remember asking you a god damn thing. ? @spaceman So heres the deal. Im at brasada ranch for a wedding. Were at the night before cocktail thing and who do I see to my left? Steve motherfucking Balmer. No but I do I guess he was best friends with the grooms dad in college I hope to god I get introduced to him so I can say so Steve what do you do for work? Ok update. Turns out two of my buddies folded behind his foursome today. They drove into his group and now hes super pissed and hates them *golfed behind his group Ballmers sons are at this wedding. They are the fucking definition of Brads and Chads Holy shit Ballmer is fucking tearing up the dance floor omg It looks like a fucking Microsoft keynote presentation out here Asian just went up to him and told him hes a lakers fan and Ballmer literally put his hands on Asians throat and said were gonna fuck you all up this year lmao ?? Either Chad or Brad (havent decided which is which get) lost his jacket, lost his shit on the dance floor, and then went to shake hands with his dads business buddies. He is Kendall from Succession. Chad just came up to me and my buddy and introduced himself. He said my name is Sam but people call me Balls Brad got on the ones and twos at our after party ? Chad chowed down on some za ? Hey DeHaan congrats on the sex Oh tight that +1600 Spain future hit idk dude. The SEC has 3 of the top 4 teams. Lmao Corey brewer apparently loved taking and missing corner threes? ?Really makes you think ? https://twitter.com/BrennaGreene_/status/1173718746222907392?s=20 lol hes just a football guy Actually I take it back hes also a professor of insurgent warfare but Im not sure that applies here ? http://vm.tiktok.com/DKFQA9/ me every Sunday Ok but like Pau is gonna have 3x the chips by the end of this season so I dont think its even close at that point Trump on the death of Cokie Roberts: She never treated me nicely. But I would like to wish her family well. Is he in a booster seat? Its the best thing on the menu Thats why theyre so good Damn Takeshi 6ix9ine snitched on EVERYBODY. That dude is deader than xxxtentacion https://twitter.com/paugasol/status/1173993851935166465?s=21 Shit I thought Pau was supposed to be shooting with our EMEA BC team this week. Hopefully they finished early!!!! ? COYS https://twitter.com/johnewing/status/1174357275747782656?s=20 Goddamnit spurs https://twitter.com/mariohezonja/status/1174482850004910080?s=12 The Timbers have dropped 15 points at home. What the fuck. Weve lost five home games this year. Thats 15 points we shouldve wins *won Damn Jessica Jaymes died? RIP ?? They should be Gundy but if the last few matches are an indicator I would say well miss the playoffs Yo chad what should Ashley do if shes stuck in Denver for the night? Her connecting flight to Houston got canceled Probably a spot to eat and then stuff to kill time Hey happy birthday Bunky I hope its chill Dehaan I see you want to the Mecca today ?? Social D at the memorial coliseum tonight lets fucking get it Ill fucking fight you This is either my sixth or seventh time. I buy a pair of tickets for my step dad and me every time they come to Portland. I made Cam go with me to see them at the Greek Theater my first weekend in LA Oh I fuck with the distillers It drives me crazy that when you click Spotify likes on desktop iMessage it goes to .com instead of natively in the Spotify app Shit! ?I would go to this https://twitter.com/helloitisnikki/status/1174785889303580673?s=20 Nuh uh! You said he would have two big games and a couple duds! You idiot! being his lawyer would be a fucking nightmare For sure Ive never known anybody named AB. - Brady, probably. The rockets signing Thabo. Just give em the chip now. Jesus Gundy thats some nsfw talk. Im six to midnight. I got a 9 team parlay tomorrow. $5 to win $3200 I hope I made you proud Gundy If you guys wanna watch some absolutely terrible football Michigan state and northwestern are on abc Ill try to join you then Rengel Ill be back from beaverton around then This FSU second half collapse is gonna be epic Rengel Ill be there in 15 Holy shit That return I went to a Cougs/Bruins game once. It was not this right. *tight Womp womp big balls Chip My over 129.5 barely covered Hes sad he has to wait at least another week for that contract buyout I wish my bets didnt go through Very sick Boy I had a ROUGH day yesterday at the ol online sportsbook. Hopefully this Aces/Mystics over can bring me back a little bit Otherwise my bookie will probably be able to send his kids to a pretty fine university Just gonna chalk up a big L this week and roll those losses into next weeks slate. What Im NOT gonna do is tempt myself into betting on the Timbers match Thats one thing AB and I can agree on This Timbers team is fucking cursed. Ever since Mark went to his first game its been a complete collapse. The Curse of the Big Dog. At least buy me a beer for my grief when you win all that money I lied to myself when I said I wasnt gonna bet on this Timbers game but the under 3 goals was a lock. I feel dirty. Three straight home matches without a goal Which Washington? The state or the district? Oh fuck it they both suck Is that the MNF matchup Oh dope well if Daniel Snyder still owns that team fuck them I thought you were talking about the Washington huskies and I was here for the shit talk https://twitter.com/oregonian/status/1176497133903667200?s=12 this is the headline Ive been waiting my entire life for The Blazers are the new Spurs. - Kevin Arnovitz Pelosi announcing a formal impeachment inquiry. Dont think the Dems in Disarray have the cajones to take this anywhere but ???? Its better for humanity to not run against him But I dont think this inquiry will go anywhere because the Dems are pussies and are more worried about their political futures than whats good for their constituents When is our fantasy draft Gundy are you the commish or is Babu? Ok thank god. If it was Dr. Kaboom I was gonna motion for a vote of no confidence https://www.instagram.com/p/B2xm1d9HcP5/?igshid=robkyd2hbeo4 Its nice to see that video review is just as long and shitty in the WNBA. Equality. Idk about that but I did see a sneak peek at womens basketball Olympics stuff today and its ?? Everything for USA at Olympics is gonna be led through the womens team because... well, cause game recognize game tbh. I didnt get to my app in time to bet but I got My stics This fourth quarter is gonna be sick I picked up stics -1.5 EDD LFG You know bill lambeer only gonna coach that way Belgian baller Omg why is Tolliver just chucking them Messeman aint afraid of Big Liz Messemoneyyyyyy Thats some good in-game coaching Omg that was a shitty foul Please knock these down Kristi please I need a brick or a three. No twos. Im gonna be the pessimist and say I dont see an ASG selection in his future But I do think he makes a serious jump So like 49-1? If Booker makes an all star appearance i will do something drastic Are the heat gonna make the conference finals? If they get CP3 I think everybody is required to fly into Portland and we can draft at a local watering hole Cam are you going to the Cal game? Focused on figuring out tickets for Cal first but I am going to WSU too. Im gonna puke on the back bar at Taylors for that game I think we should schedule it for 10 or 11pm pacific time Book it When is the fan fest should we get absolutely bombed and go get our faces painted Oh perfect. I can get bombed at the last timbers game at 1, watch them miss the playoffs, and then get over the river for fan fest Ah it starts at 5pm Im planning on being there i have tickets but I found out yesterday I might have work travel that week Im in a huge block with like 30 people I dont remember what we paid for them. Like $100 I think Nah I bought two but Ashley is still gonna go with the group if I dont Oh they were $95 each For what? Basketball? Im curious what Adidas pays him https://twitter.com/jmrphy/status/1176703990056267777?s=21 What a Fuego take lol Why wasnt he playing Somebody send out an amber alert for Goals. Last seen at providence park on September 7, 2019. FUCKING FINALLY Well there goes my under 3 VAR THAT Never thought I would see merritt Paulson restraining our coach from trying to kill a ref but here we are Jair Marrufo (ref) definitely knew I had the under and wanted to send me a message Bold strategy, Cotton. ? Damn chad really makes you think Fuuuuuuck AB ? Wonder if theyre meeting at the Starbucks on 13th Whats the difference between bark dust and Oaxacan sawdust? Wisc -24.5 vs. NW
PSU @ MD o61.5
Cal -4.5 vs. ASU
Vandy -6.5 vs NIU
Buff -3 @ M-OH 
Bama -37.5 vs. MISS
Bama/Miss o61
Clem -27 @ UNC
BC +6.5 vs. WF
SMU -7.5 @ USF
AUB -10 vs. MSST
OSU -9.5 1H @ NEB
NEV -2.5 vs. HAW
AF -18.5 vs. vs SJSU
Navy/Mem o54
KU +16 @ TCU
WSU/Utah o57 Wet the beak, boys. That Navy over was never in doubt. Thank you for your service. People who post Gary Vee clips on TikTok can get fucked https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1177539052683309056?s=21 1. Its an apostrophe, not a hyphen. 
2. Its describing, not discribing. 
3. ? Hes so shook right now https://twitter.com/RedditCFB/status/1177305628076912640?s=20 victory YOSEF! Oh but Chad didnt you hear that Lizzie doesnt take big donor money?* (*until the primary is over) Where is Gary Johnson when you need him, amirite Gundy? I have one episode left cam hahaha I think its good I dont think the world will exist in 2028 anyway so theres probably nothing to worry about Even bill Simmons said hes dreading it! there arent enough pop culture references in the world to make him feel good about it! This new Sturgill album kicks ass. That was actually my plan this afternoon Nice day for it Why do you have beaver friends Yeah thats bigger than my studio Drinking Penn State scored 59 points. Maryland scores none. I had the over 61.5. http://vm.tiktok.com/f6jeHL/ what kind of douche bag posts this on their own account lmao Been in it I had to write our platform strategy for it I stayed for the dog videos ??????? But its nice to stay up to date on what the youths think is neat Its definitely better than vine The editing capabilities are really good ??????? TikTok has an absolutely insane number of views. Its already more popular than vine Idk if the TikTok numbers include douyin Goddamn I am down so big this weekend. Im sending Landon a large Venmo come tomorrow morning. https://twitter.com/yahoosports/status/1178513997462507520?s=12 wait what Didnt Newsom sign it on The Shop? Stick to sports! Wait. Shit. Digital first content! Oh baby Im fully torqued Just banked some #content with Brooks Koepka. Dude nailed it first take. Fucking pro. The brooks stuff wont be out until spring but we got him in the lab all suited up in motion capture just fucking ripping tee shots into one of those screens Fuck that guy what did he do pretty standard for him In high school Burfict would stand over guys he just tackled and scream in their face. Hes one of those guys who thinks playing a football game is equivalent to actually being in a war Damn MacKenly has a 3 vertical too? God I hope we already gave her an offer They need to bring back Cribs Dude I love the TRITTDOG Ok but like nobody is stopping those guys in general If Giannis wants to dunk, hes gonna dunk. Oh I agree with that whole heartedly you know how much I love defense but the NBA is an offense league Why do you think I love big 10 basketball so much lol Gotta get my fix of floor slapping, charge taking, help side rotating defense Shit sign me up for that Gundy God I love defense Ah see thats where he and I differ Great defense gives you the opportunity to run more The fewer offensive sets the better Jeezy is launching a sports agency Also, is he no longer Young Jeezy? Jesus this weekend was a bloodbath. I just basically bought my bookies kids a used car. Its like they only hire the people they can afford rather than the best they can get. - is he talking about the athletic or the mavericks organization? Holy shit I might miss our fantasy basketball draft I might have some auto-draft all-stars ?Name a more iconic duo Im sorry can we please talk about fat bearded woody Harrelson in the weird pink scarf/bowtie combo? What the fuck Also of all the CJ step backs they picked a brick? The only clear violation i see is monty mccutchens wardrobe decisions I cant wait for all of the travels they call in the first week of the season and for that to dominate sports talk shows People are gonna lose their fucking minds The NBA has gone too far! Even though its exactly what people have been asking for. This is unwatchable! Itll be like when they expanded video replay. We want replay! They need to get the calls right! Led to Its taking too long! Its disrupting the flow of the game! Fans are stupid. They dont know what they want. Meyers has been known to wear high heat colorways Finger Bang is one of the best in the country. Weve used them for a bunch of photo shoots. Our production manager (older SigEp) could never say it without giggling) Ok dame! Shooting bricks like free throws lmao A real Marianne supporter would use their mind to transport themselves, not a car. ?Wait what Did I discover time travel and now Im calling myself from the future? Bruh Im shook What if I was trying to warn myself about something serious. I shouldve answered the call. Mark why you fucking with me Im trying to work Also did you laugh at your own text? Is it playoffs now? I will fucking fight anybody that tells me they like good and plentys The people who give out almond joys at Halloween are sending an intentional message of never come back to my fucking house again. Lmao brewers Somebody add Bubba to this chat so we can collectively laugh at him Beisbol is over. Time to get stoned and watch this maradona doc Hopefully its two hours of home videos of maradona railing lines off Argentinian strippers https://twitter.com/bomani_jones/status/1179177813926203392?s=20 lmao the dude that called the quarter final vs England had an all timer A cosmic kite! What planet did you come from so that the whole country is a clenched fist shouting for Argentina? Has Napoli done anything sick since the late 80s? Trump also yet to report but I get the sense it will be big Tom Steyer buying his way into the next debate is so fucking dumb Chest pains is a wild undersell lol He got two stents put in for an arterial blockage Im pretty sure Bernie survives on a steady diet of Ensure shakes and three grapes He didnt have a great line or receivers is not an argument to put somebody in the HOF i think too many guys get into the HOF in general Thats not relevant to the HOF Its the pro football HOF not the NFL HOF League conduct is irrelevant Put him in the Childrens Hospital HOF where he belongs Here are the list of the 48 voters https://www.profootballhof.com/heroes-of-the-game/becoming-a-hall-of-famer/ In the history of pro football, 26 QBs have made it into the HOF 26! Brady, Manning, and Rogers are for sure in. Were talking less than 30 dudes. Idk that Russ is one of them. ?Steve Young, Kurt Warner, Bob Waterfield (?) also on the list Get Kurt Warner the fuck outta here Youre right, Brock. But lets not open the flood gates here. Ray Guy is the only punter lol That Oregon state dude on the rams will be the next! Johnny hekker thats his fucking name. Ian probably hates him because he went to Bothell God I love high school football message boards I spent way too much time talking shit about other high schools players on oregonlive.com Dehaan be honest did you read the message boards to see what people were saying about you Probably commented under the handle L0max$ux Lizzie can and should fuck off And she should take her cunty if youre voting for bernie over Elizabeth youre sexist supporters with her (I do not endorse Bernie) Undecided at the moment I honestly dont I just truly dislike Warren And Im all the way out on Biden Biden is running because we need to beat trump. Thats not a policy. Im better because Im not that guy. is not gonna cut it for me Im talking about bind *biden Sorry yeah I switched gears on that one We just really need to work hard to get Biden the fuck outta here Is Howard Schulz still in the race lol https://twitter.com/PodSaveAmerica/status/1179474984567070720?s=20 If somebody I worked with answered a question like this I would tell them to get the fuck out of my meeting He walked away with millions and he knows nothing is hilarious way to refer to hunter biden considering his two shitbag sons are literally the most worthless morons on the planet Are you saying hes not qualified? Would you say he is more or less qualified than the racist reality television character that currently occupies the office? I remember people giving Rudy Giuliani shit for being a total psychopath but I missed the mayor part to be completely honest. Bill de Blasio isnt getting shit for being a mayor, just for having dumb ideas. Hey Im all for taking Senate seats so we can get rid of Moscow Mitch The senate is the most worthless institution we have as a nation I have no problem with mayors running for higher office. Theyre people who actually enact policies and have an understanding of what their constituents care about. When was the last time your gave a fuck about what matters to you? *your senator Being a senator should automatically disqualify you from running for president. Its a clear indicator that youre out of touch with reality. He looks like a walmart greeter lol Warren is gonna move so hard to the middle youll think shes a jimmy eat world song And immediately start cashing those big donor checks she refuses to accept I dont think we can overstate this... Kamala is a fucking cop I didnt see it Did Marianne respond to SNL or is she just on a different planet right now? Lmao thats funny https://twitter.com/highkin/status/1179497596403892225?s=12 WERE FUCKED! SEASON IS OVER BEFORE IT STARTED! PORTLAND - WHERE CENTERS GO TO DIE VERY CLOSE, MARK! COMPARABLE! HALL OF FAME CAREER OVER IS HASSAN A HOFER IF HE DOESNT GET INJURED? Im stuck in a feedback loop. Time is a flat circle. ?? https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1179502966606352386?s=21 Somebody should make a crying Jordan with biden and get trump to retweet it so that one can finally die Is that Richard Splett? https://twitter.com/AndrewFeinberg/status/1179361985860919297 Yeah for a second I was worried it was Sean Kingston Lmao This is the first As game Ive watched this year. I like the lighter green/white uni combo Dan Mullen fucking would drink bud light limes lmao getting up early to go workout doesnt mean youre out working somebody dipshit You would be better off getting good sleep and going to the gym at 9 If youre up at 3:30am in Miami Im assuming you are on cocaine ITS BACK Ian. Thats not ok. This world is a mess. Outrageous fast food innovations are all I have left to make me happy. https://www.instagram.com/p/B3JIO0fgrcA/?igshid=dxqn17ezqtm1 Should we all separately text that to turner https://twitter.com/kathrynw5/status/1179825758912602112?s=12 oh so like state run media? We have that already. He watches it every day. https://twitter.com/elistokols/status/1179829706251800576?s=12 Take it off! Take it off! But seriously... is Lizzie a coug? You fighting a Kobe stan today Matt? Nah dude youre thinking of Dave Chang the momofuku guy Banana Republic Drafts NFL Star Jared Goff for Fall Meme Campaign I hate 2019 lmaooooo Yo sup to the host tho SE Cupp deez nuts If they dont put Mike Vick in the fucking HOF they should all have their media credentials revoked Wow Rengel I thought you were a packers fan youre just gonna drag your boy Favray like that Can somebody please explain that to me Cam when do you leave? Im going to the cal game tomorrow so Ill be gone all day Am or pm? Fan fest is sold out? lol Never thought Id see the day. They used to give away stacks of tickets at the grocery store and bank and shit Ahhh gotcha Cam Im gonna get really stoned and go see Interstellar at OMSI tonight with Spencer Childs and Spencer Soltman if you want our extra ticket. Or any of you for that matter. Brock this NBA email is the best one Ill get all week. Bless you. My Venmo is @alexdubov if you guys just wanna send me your $20 now and save everybody the time. nice save, brock. paid. Thanks for the kick in the ass cam. Brock you keep saying that and it makes me think you know something the rest of us dont know I went to the magic game last year because Ashley went to Texas and loves Mo Bamba. The game sucked. Beilein was on Woj pod. Solid interview. I just love that guy. Team is gonna be ass this year though Only thing bernie is raising is his voice I like the pacers God bill Simmons is gonna fucking go off on this TJ warren thing. He loves him. Space if you move to Detroit youll just be a quick trip to Milwaukee whenever you want Right but Milwaukee is where the #culture is I wanna listen to this Sonics podcast from The Ringer but I refuse to pay for Luminary. GIVE ME YOUR CONTENT FOR FREE! Missed opportunity to use the ???? if you ask me I fucking love Twitter but it is a much smaller and very niche user base Its the bill Simmons of the world lol Last week Brock But I also curate my following list pretty obsessively Dropping and adding constantly Im the exception not the rule Has it been exhausting becoming a Sturgill fan for the last 10 days? - Russillo to SVP the had a Dunks room at Nike DNA for a bit that I got to see. It was fucking incredible. Every sick dunk you could ever dream of. Dude it really was https://www.instagram.com/p/B3NeC9zhyIi/?igshid=13mbmycdwmx1j gotta cop That little girl... That little girl was her Im disgusted with the result tonight But still I say ? Go ducks Im betting Dylans farm on Oregon minus the points at UW He went to Oregon hes used to that You guys As you may or may not know Im a nike campus tour guide. I give a handful of tours a month to executive candidates, business partners, athletes, etc. Every Monday they send a list of upcoming tours for people to sign up for This mornings email has a tour request for an executive request. (One of our VPs requesting a tour for a friend) That friends name is... Gary Vee I dont think I can survive 75 minutes of Gary Vee telling me you know what I think the problem is? People arent *LISTENING* How much are these shoes? $150? Can I give you $700 for them? But I could probably end up on his TikTok so that would be good for my clout. My favorite clips are where he goes to garage sales and haggles for some hot wheels and then pulls up ebay and is like I paid $3 for all of these cars. Look, this one is worth $8. This one is $12. You gotta *GRIND*! Gundy Im legit LOLing thats fucking hilarious lol there is no way Im gonna sign up for it If the VP that requested it was in my org I would consider it The most forwarded comment on Chinas Weibo social-media platform in response to the NBAs statement featured an emoji of a chicken, meant as a profane euphemism Hammering the rockets under due to impending Chinese interference. 12:30pm kickoff for UW Thank the lord Yeah definitely Thats gonna be my new trivia team name Jesus chad its 2019 you cant say that anymore. Its San Francisco You see what I was trying to do was make a reference to the word scalp and suggest that it was actually SF that was problematic But I think my timing was off. Bunky you got a link to those comedy classes? My delivery needs work. http://vm.tiktok.com/PPDN8a/lmao look at this frenchie crankin his hog lmao stop it Brock I did the exact same thing when I got the email but I wasnt pleased with my artistic effort and deleted it ?????? How did they not think that was gonna happen when they sent that email A guy in this meeting has a shirt that says strategic business unit and Im confused why he has my nickname for my dong on his shirt China is my daddy. China is all of our daddy. Wow I legit believed he was never going to play an NBA game this guy does all the fucking The ref for sure ?Gundy I just saw Paul Cauthen at Doug Fir and he was so fucking sick Imagine if Rengel grew a beard, put on 25 lbs and a pearl snap, and sang songs about cocaine ?Just updated my IG to darko mode Cardinals/Doyers parlay today. And lets keep those run totals down, too. I want the braves to win But history is not on their side I hope for Jakes sake they get it done tonight Cardinals fans are right up there with lakers and cowboys fans What the fuck https://twitter.com/PaulLidicul/status/1181987508202041344?s=20 Danny Ocean has taken this too far https://twitter.com/greenpeaceusa/status/1182024143622926336?s=20 I bet Greenpeace is really fun at parties The under is in jeopardy!!! SHIT! Gundy you couldve just given me that money My under is fuuuuuuucked. The officiating in this ULL game is doggos *dogshit Holy shit Suzuki got rocked in the face so fucking hard Hoooooooly shit lol dude he definitely took a shot to the face whether was the ball or his face protector either way that hurts lmao This is some good beisbol https://twitter.com/ryenarussillo/status/1182132015291760640 We get it dude you live in LA This Kershaw dude is ass I honestly cant decide if Portlanders are worse at driving or parking Its possible to be a good driver and a bad Parker but my god portlanders just suck at both i would group merging onto the highway and four way stops in with driving overall but youre 100% right Nothing like hitting the highway at 35mph The suspense is killing me https://twitter.com/KeithSmithNBA/status/1182092945366962177?s=20 fuck that just take it out of the rockets salary cap wow. I didnt even connect the dots. Were all playing checkers and morey is out here playing Chinese checkers. Im 90 minutes into a 10 hour meeting. 10 hours a day every day this week and next Tokyo 2020 sprint These sessions have been pretty intense planning We dont even get lunch breaks 10am and they already took the coffee table away. Im gonna kill somebody. Damnit Pete Davidson is coming to Rev Hall but its thanksgiving week To tell jokes? Hes so funny Hes done standup for a long time Fair enough. Ill keep an eye out for Glenn Beck tickets for you though No idea who Nikki Glaser is but Ill check her out I like bill Burr if that gives you any indication of the type of humor I find appealing So the lady jokers probably not so much Any of my #woke brethren going to see Ta-Nehisi Coates speak tonight In Detroit? Lol me neither Im woke if the price is right Im sure Ta-Nehisi is looking forward to speaking to an auditorium full of white people Dude like I said. Fuck china. The NBA should back out of china entirely and say suck it. Enjoy your Shanghai sharks. lmaoooo Over in that WNBA game Stick to politics, Nate silver! Im guessing the lines in this Oregon Lottery app are gonna be way juiced? The Oregon Lottery is super risk averse i mean they got rid of the kitty glitter slot machine that used to absolutely shit out money Happy to invite any of you to Landons betting site if you want it Support your local bookie $250 free play when you sign up Minimum $25 bets Nah fam. Venmo or PayPal only. Venmos on Monday Anything +/- $200 for the week can be rolled over to next week if you want He uses allgames365 He didnt build it But its great Oh and all the lines are -107 So $27 to win $25 is the minimum bet on spread. Juice changes for ML and O/U No deposit. You get up to $5000 on credit every week And then either Venmo pay or receive Im not sure, but I think Landon just gets a cut of the losses. Its not his empire. Hell yes Elena!!! They collectively missed my over http://vm.tiktok.com/PWQGTS/ https://twitter.com/JordanSchachtel/status/1182511076530950145 Omg RIP Steve Kerr Astro Lounge was such a sick album Lol that door to door movie was so bad Oh yeah I forgot it was here lol Lmaoooooo Better question is could Skal play the 3... minutes per game he might be able to get occasionally? You should wear them, dude. Theyre shoes. Why dont you put that $1200 down on the Ducks tonight I hope youve made it clear to all the Colorado fans in Denver they can SYDFTB Contraband pocket. A lot of our SB product has contraband pockets built in. Oh shit Shepherd Smith resigned at Fox News ?? The guy who created the theme song retweeted that from PUSHA the other day. Huge endorsement. https://katu.com/news/local/portland-has-the-worst-drivers-in-the-country-report-says The website says Portland has the highest rate of speeding tickets in the country. Bullshit. Everybody in Portland goes 5mph under the speed limit. three of spacemans hometowns in the top 4! If you ever get your car out of impound you can enjoy the smooth sailing of Detroit highways I mean, if were being honest any city that I-95 runs through is automatically disqualified from being a good driving city Get a pledge to come over and hang it Praise be! https://twitter.com/Nedsfeed/status/1182862199955570689 LSU is the best team in the country https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1183113326374600705?s=12 Hey Dylan! https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1183124563258941442 You heard the man, Dylan! Get that top of the line John Deere you always wanted! A tit for tat that negatively affects farmers? Matty, please. This trope is played out. Gundy are you seriously awake watching bad football right now? How many units you plop down on this game lol Bold strategy Brigid Kosgei is on world record pace at Chicago marathon rihjy now And I think Sir Mo Farah is leading the mens side. Big weekend for the swoosh. Not if you ask Matt Powell! https://twitter.com/NPDMattPowell/status/1183347518882668545 lol Matt Powell sucks Simone Biles is an absolute savage Wow Lawrence Cherono with the sprint finish to win Chicago How can somebody sprint after running 26 miles its insane New world record for womens. Crushed it by a couple minutes. They playing by London rules? https://twitter.com/robertmays/status/1183461386132901889?s=12 But is he a Hall of Famer...? Following in the webbed footsteps of Oregon greats to come before him Akiili. Joey. Marcus. Joey was bad everywhere he went Yeah I agree with that clay some guys just arent cut out for the NFL and thats fine. Hes obviously accepted that Oh Ill forever choose to remember Oregon Ducks Joey https://www.instagram.com/p/B3k8R3MpRRE/?igshid=fdzgkcacnb03 this is pornography Succession was fucking incredible Ive never felt a stronger connection to a character than when cousin Gregory was laying on the back of the yacht drinking outrageously expensive ros saying I mean, Ill drink it. But its not my first choice. lol that has absolutely nothing to do with the story But also the fact that you didnt watch the finale last night tells me all I need to know I was planning on watching it last night but I was way too tired to commit to 2 hours. I watched the 3 minute recap and I realized how much I had forgotten about what happened in the show If anybody needs some good shit to listen to while working https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n5ZhKyOxZns Yea I had to put my headphones on. The ladies in the cube next to me were #TalkinHawks and I dont care about the #HawksTalk Mostly I skipped church and made brunch at home with my mom and the Seahawks almost blew it chatter I wouldve paid a lot of Czech crowns to be on that boat Yeah dude its fucked up Theyre trying to spin it so hard Oh wow https://twitter.com/tonedigz/status/1183478900988493825?s=21 Im sure the police union told him to not say shit yikes. Jeremy renner trending for all the wrong reasons. Its probably good for him that the app is closed because hes about to get cancelled As the kids say Facebook video has always and will always be complete trash If companies switched their entire strategy to video because of facebook then maybe they should be firing their entire marketing department for it Because thats a terrible decision yeah Gotta follow the numbers is a solid strategy if youre looking to expand into new content verticals But if youre going to completely flip what you do on the basis of what the platform is telling you youre a complete fool Every platform fudges the numbers The reality is that those marketing teams are/were building strategies and content based on what the PLATFORMS wanted them to do rather than what their CONSUMERS want investing in media is critical. If you cant distribute your content it doesnt matter how good it is. But you have to be disciplined in how you do it Nike as a marketing company suffers from absolutely horrendous media strategy We make all kinds of great content. Dont put it in front of the right people at the right time. Ian loves traditional media You should get some AirPods, dude. Might make your subway rides more enjoyable. like I said, believing what facebook tells you at face value is a fireable offense imo Thats because the bosses were being wined and dined by the platform For sure there was no way to know all the details like we do now But any time a platform pushes a new capability that aggressively, its cause for concern. Impressions is the biggest bullshit metric in marketing For sure Impressions is all potential And can be duplicate Reach is how many unique users your content made it to. But those users could represent multiple impressions. Good question Brock idk We doing a live draft this Wednesday for the Portland boys? I was hot on the idea of going to marks local watering hole but getting to the Dell on a weeknight feels impossible Yikes LeBron should have taken his own advice https://twitter.com/yc/status/1183922327865741315 ?????? That video is the full quote LeBron shouldve signed with LiNing Yeah were gonna find out which one of you is a pinko commie on Wednesday Bulletproof strategy lol Sounds like you do care about the game lol Envelopes of cash delivered to their barber Man this must have been some egregious shit? Everybody around me in this bar is bitching about it. My entire timeline, group chats, and this whole bar are talking about nothing else. Im in an echo chamber. If this game was at 10am on a Sunday would people care as much? https://twitter.com/shamscharania/status/1184096777785561088?s=12 Feel like it wouldve been nice to have him vs James Wiseman? Believe in something. Even if it means sacrificing everything. Surprised nobody has done a LeBron one. Believe in something. Unless it means sacrificing signature sales. Lol Speaking of LA sports, who is going to the USC game on 11.2? Cam whats the LA bro ticket situation? Nurk trying to dabble in that China market! Ni Hao Nurk! Where you seeing 2.5? It shifted to 3 on Monday morning Ill be there Clay Yeah Friday afternoon most likely. It was gonna be late but this morning my boss told me to take an unrecorded PTO day Friday so Im taking advantage I put down 2U on the ducks at -3 Wow definitely Was that 30 years ago? Were the Seahawks still in theAFC back then? This feels like generations ago Gundy what if we went to Buffalo gap to draft tomorrow Kinda crazy that Jerry Rice never won an Mvp https://twitter.com/KDTrey5/status/1184140634208329728 This thread lol Gundy Im assuming you already saw it how triggered are you lol Im very pro taking the open shot I mean if youre wide open one foot inside the line, yes take step back dribble (but make sure you only take two steps after you gather!!!) But I think KD is right in that guys are overthinking things on the floor in this era of analytics Players are processing in real time if a shot is efficient or if they should force a pass to a contested shot My solution: flip the two point and three point zones. Behind the line is worth two and inside the line is three. Dunks are 4. We need more Shaqs and less Stephs I want broken backboards goddamnit I love SlamBall It would be a better Olympic sport than 3v3 https://twitter.com/sfpelosi/status/1183941422396792832?s=21 wowow this is a scorching hot garbage take lol This debate is trash. Lizzie had five opportunities to say yes, taxes will go up to pay for Medicare for all and she continues to dodge the question. Coward. I think that was true in the past but not any more This charade was cute in the first debate but now its just insulting to the American people When Bernie, Pete, Booker, even Biden are all willing to say taxes will go up you just look like a fool if you wont answer the question Shes not giving voters enough credit. They understand what shes saying. lol Pete would drive a Chevy Cruze Of course he does I would like Booker to get more time Klobuchar, Steyer, Yang need to get gone Gabbard too but she could get it on the way out Beto gotta go. Forgot he was even up there. That fucking nerd wore a MATH lapel pin FOH Yeah so he could get on the debate stage lol He ran a campaign with his own money to convince enough grassroots donors to give money so he could hit the donor threshold Just to get up there and rage for impeachment Tulsi is so hot when she talks Middle East policy Talk Assad to me baby You can thank Donald Trumps policies for that great now shes the twitter police They should make Kamala the USAG Wow Yang taking pot shots at Bing lmao Kamala out here talking about twitter followers like that number means anything Or the difference between followers and subscribers http://vm.tiktok.com/5mEwoq/ Brock I hope your alibi is airtight. This smells fishy. Thats called puberty, dude. im on an email thread with a nike legal counsel and idk who this Giuliani hack of a lawyer is but he keeps saying LOL! in email and its throwing me off Yeah his name is Roger so youre probably right Wow careful Clayton might come for your head for that spoiler https://www.nike.com/t/portland-trail-blazers-classic-mens-nba-hoodie-8tNQK9/CI4533-657 Yeah that shirt is fire. Im gonna check out the ES this week. Let you guys know if they have any new NBA stuff. Clayton and me for sure Is he not the same one who said they dont pay us to do schoo Or sorry We aint come here to do school Yea you right Fuck melo SUPER MARIO! Matty get the fuck out there are funny, good-spirited jokes and then there is the cruel, mean-spirited comment you just made I would quit Next? Draft night! Time to start researching! Hopefully my gummy doesnt kick in until the later rounds. On the horn with China? Sabotaging our draft? https://twitter.com/kaitlancollins/status/1184576698278387712?s=12 wow thats super lucky that only the least dangerous ones managed to escape Lmao Fuck off really? JFC at least he didnt write it in crayon 7:30 Wow Elijah Cummings died Yeah early this morning. Gonna have big implications on the impeachment inquiry. https://twitter.com/yahoosportsnba/status/1184840909394972673?s=12 Im insulted that Buddy thinks he deserves more than that I remember you breaking it down yesterday This was a follow up to that Im suggesting its ridiculous that he says hes offended lol Damn thats rough the good news is you can win it back on the Clemson/Louisville over this weekend I just think 60.5 is super low for two teams that score a shit ton of points and dont play defense Hes like a bizarro Kendall Roy / Simple Jack hybrid These guys are such fucking morons its unbelievable Also, hosting the G7 at a Trump property is a massive fucking conflict of interest that weve just come to accept as normal Yikes. Its Currys MVP to lose this year i like that AD value. Not high on Embiids chances unless he plays more games. 64 games for Embiid. No way he plays more than that. Bet ?? Wait chad 64.5 I say under I want a winner. No push. Who better than a small market guard with the worlds biggest chip on his shoulder Hassan Whiteside NBA Most Improved Player Im actually super curious what Terrys rotation is gonna be Given the fact that I wanted to scream at him many times last year He gonna keep leaving Dame on the bench until 5 minutes left in the 4th? Is ZC first off the bench or is he starting? W/ Whiteside? nice Base, Simons, Hezonja, Skal (until Paul is cleared) I wouldnt go any deeper than that *Baze If youre a parent theres absolutely no reason to take your kid to that They dont know the difference Menver is a very real thing NDs schedule is so bad. They wont get in LSU is the problem for sure. Oklahoma still has to play @KSU, ISU, @Baylor, @OKST and probably Texas again. I bet they drop one of those games. we need Wisconsin to upset Ohio State next week No but if Ohio State drops that game and then beats Penn State One of those two would end up probably playing Wisconsin in the BIG championship Which Ohio State would probably get revenge And then its a 3-way argument over who deserves it That conference is gonna get super messy. ND needs Michigan to beat PSU this week but I dont think its gonna happen. Lmao what a fuck https://www.instagram.com/p/B3vF4-Ppypb/?igshid=jzvn1udzhkgt What do you mean drop-off? Dylan got Trae Young at 10! Value! Speaking of value. That white blazers rip city and red hoodie are not at the ES yet. But the throwback jersey is. Dame and CJ. No Hezonja unfortunately. Like before all the rape stuff Fuuuuuuuuck That would be fucking devastating Ive never been in the kids/toddlers section at the ES But I doubt it Ill check next time Im in there wow. I saw Michael and a question about toddler stuff and my brain automatically assumed Dehaan Mazel tov Rengel! I shouldve known better. Dehaan never comments in here. https://twitter.com/chold/status/1184999255540264960?s=12 lol backhanded compliment Porzingis, Doncic, Kleber, Zubac all starting in this game. Thats a lotta big whites. Omg Boban is in now. This is my kinda hoops. He absolutely was But thats what happens when you played for the magic and Knicks lol Rough night for Jack West. Kid has gotten his ass kicked. Bro I spent four days there and didnt see a single non-white, hotel staff included. That was my experience. Oh lol I thought it was Carry on Thats a tough word Thats fair I was mostly in downtown, Marquette campus area, and whatever rich as fuck suburb Bubba is from Wow I just got boned in this Stanford game Thats a bad beat Jimmy whats your grandpas take on this Stanford team? ? Nah hard pass on Candy corn ?We ready. Go ducks. I saw somebody wearing those yesterday Oh yeah talk dirty Tulsi ?GO! Some buddies have a spot I think in lot N25 I have to start there to get my tickets from them and then idk Taking the light rail through Seattle to the stadium. Some Sounders geeds just got on. Im about to go mean street hooligans on they ass. We drove up yesterday. Staying at Shettys in Columbia City so were on the Link ?Is this in reference to the girls in their student section? That hat is a couple years old. Its from the doernbecher game. I love fat Mac WOWOWOWOW LFG SMDFTB DAWGS COVER WAS NEVER IN DOUBT lol Illinois played Jump Around after beating Wisconsin FAT MAC KNOWS STROS!!!! FUCK THE YANKEES!!! How do we feel about Lakers -2 on opening night? My favorite part is the parents are more committed to the content than the safety of their child. I respect the shit out of that. Absolutely. It was all or nothing Yea they confirmed it last week. Its completely asinine that theyre trying to get to 30 clubs, but Sacramento has great fans and deserve a team. Leagues should have no more than 20. Brock can I have 5 more picks so I can bet every East team under? Whats the alternative if youre Boston? I wish Sabonis was a Zer Yes Trade for Sabas Lite, sign Joe J, win chip. When you have the opportunity to go get the defending Big 3 MVP you go get the Big 3 MVP. Tie Houman thats not true at all. If nobody liked losers we wouldve kicked you out of this group a long time ago. ??????? Low hanging fruit Cant argue with that That video was cool but like whats their tiktok strategy? I dont think its out until next year I do not feel good about my O/U at all. I do not feel a repeat coming. Merry Christmas, brothers. ?? Oh yeah theyre getting crushed Just wait until people find out that all their favorite sports teams Social are run by whites They should definitely hire a diverse team. If diverse, qualified candidates apply. Idk if you know this about Portland, but its no Milwaukee when it comes to diversity. Whats the solution Chad? I 100% support a diverse work force but Ive hired people on multiple occasions and its not as easy as saying find me the best diverse candidate Where are these super talented people? I get a massive stack of resumes. I go through it and pull out the ones that are *actually* qualified. Its usually a very small subset. Should I instead google search every single resume to see if theyre a diverse candidate and just pull those? Do you know any hiring managers that have time to do that? The hiring managers job is to hire the person they feel is most qualified to do the job We get 70000 applications a month at Nike I guarantee there are qualified candidates of color in those applications Most positions at Nike go unfilled for a while because hiring managers dont have time to sort through resumes and interview candidates It doesnt help that our HR function is incompetent Ive sent back batches of resumes because there werent any qualified candidates The issue specific to my role is that there is no diversity in sports social. There is one - I repeat, ONE - black social manager in the NFL. Shoutout to your Detroit lions Spaceman The problem for Nike is we dont have entry level/coordinator social positions. The minimum experience Ill look at for a specialist under me is three years. Where are they getting that experience? My team is fairly diverse. Two asian guys, a black woman, a black guy, a white girl, and a white guy (hey ???????) but we all got experience elsewhere first. Ill stick with the Nike example since thats the one I know best. They basically take a few routes to hire. 1) online apps. Least likely way to be hired. 70k applications and software is searching for keywords and IF somebody checks the box on race thats factored in. Still, most people who apply online arent qualified - regardless of race. Next is interns. Those are put forward by the schools/athletic departments at which point Nike filters through the resumes. Decent amount of diversity there. Probably more than any other route. Word of mouth - this is how you get the most qualified candidates, but not necessarily diverse. This is how we found the last person we hired in my old role. Black woman that came from Georgetown basketball. She knew the purpose marketing manager really well. Had no idea she was a diverse candidate, but her resume was good enough. Not great, but good enough. She wasnt the most qualified candidate we interviewed but she was the most passionate for the job. I would be lying if I said we hired her for diversity. We hired her because she was the hungriest of the candidates. I guess my question to you chad, is whats the order of operations? Guaranteed we attract diverse applications in a pool of 70K/month. But should that be the first criteria? Again, I disagree. Theyre a product of their environment. They work in an overwhelmingly white industry and in an overwhelmingly white city. Its like a double bubble. Not like the gum. But you get it. Im not defending the video, I just think its really easy to understand how it happened The Warsaw program at Oregon is one of the best sports marketing programs in the country. Its almost all white students. Why? Thats fair There have been multiple people in the territory offices at Nike (LA, Chi, NY) who have turned down roles at WHQ because Portland is too white. Im having a conversation with my boss at 10 about hiring a specialist under me. One of the things Im going to ask HR for is a diverse candidate pool. Unfortunately, the only POC I know in sports social are vastly over qualified for this position. I always reach out to the Warsaw program director to see if she has any recs, but its always white people. The woman we hired in my last role came from DC I mean a lot of people that work here are from other places but they arent necessarily diverse A lot of white europeans for sure My VP is South African One of the sr. directors is Italian Pretty much Gundy i mean I think we can all agree this isnt an overnight solution Itll take years, likely decades to get to a diverse workforce I think nike does a pretty good job in terms of the Black Employee Network and hiring a chief diversity officer who is responsible for obsessing details related to diversity And I get the whole qualified crutch, but I dont want to discount the value of somebody who knows what their doing. *theyre I need somebody who can come in and own their work right away. I usually dont apply for an intern because I dont have time to train somebody. I dont care about where they went to college or even what company theyre coming from but they need to know digital and social strategy inside and out. What does that fix, Mark? That just relocates him and pays him better. That doesnt infuse more diversity into the industry. Were trying to solve the worlds problems here, Mark. Idk anything about Salesforces workforce but my uneducated guess is that big shiny tower in San Francisco probably is filled with a lotta white dudes in Patagonia quarter zips. Lots of Brad (Shultz) and Chad (Butler) types I dont envision any public policy solutions coming out of Washington any time soon Anybody want to guess the three countries Nike sponsors for the Olympics? I wish, Mark. The holy triumvirate Its the USA, Kenya, and mighty Estonia. Being forgettable For some reason I thought Petteri Koponen was Estonian but hes obviously Finnish. The Goose! How many gen z kids do you think only know Jackie Chan in reference to that shit tiesto/post Malone song? Im not into graphic novels will I still enjoy watchmen? Mark Parker is no longer CEO starting January 2020 John Donahoe Bain, eBay, ServiceNow Were a tech company, Chad. https://twitter.com/leonknight_/status/1186712105879293953?s=21 That Jemele tweet is what started this all People should be required to take a test before getting access to scooters Am I crazy or is it stupid to use a coaches challenge in the first quarter of the first game Instant impact Moe I missed the NBA. I did not miss Reggie. He sucks Landry Shamet is so fucking sick Does that give the ECF winner an advantage? If they can coast through the season, turn it on in the playoffs and catch an exhausted WCF winner? Yeah for sure but if youre in the west and have to fight every night just to get good seeding thats tough Yeah exactly That BK ad read was super weird. Did Reggie just cream his pants when Kevin said cheesy tots? Oh shit! Chantal Navarro spot?! Players only meeting in lakers locker room after the game! Nice little teaser tomorrow night. 

Spurs -2 v NYK
Mavs -? v WAS
Jazz -1 v OKC https://twitter.com/espn_macmahon/status/1186870277931700225 Dont worry, Chad. I already punched a one way ticket on this bus to Irrational Town. finals or bust. https://twitter.com/NBCNews/status/1186996403488333824 Does this mean pornhub will load faster I think well be really good this year but I dont expect Nurk to come back any time soon or be a serious contributor when he does https://twitter.com/Dame_Lillard/status/1187035958211792898 I have actually blocked off my calendar as Dame Time in the past when I have to leave early for a blazers game lol https://twitter.com/maxwelltani/status/1187026971575902208?s=12 lol I love YTTV Yeah its $50/mo. No contract. Unlimited DVR and every channel I want except P12N. I dont watch Ducks football at home so thats not an issue. Ducks basketball is the only thing I cant watch but I coach in the winter so I miss most of those games anyway. For the ones I can watch that arent on national TV, I try to find an illegal stream. Yes you can add LP on YTTV And Showtime i mean the reality is that ASW should only be held in cities that represent the culture. Like Milwaukee. The ketel one screwdrivers hit different in Portland How the fuck are the bulls down to the hornets jfc Hornets are so bad These crunch time lineup for the Hornets and Bulls make me want to take a cheese grater to my eye balls Unbelievable result. Fire Boylen! Theyll probably start on ESPNNEWS would be my guess Rui & Sexton both outscored Kemba for me lol Idk if thats actually where theyll put it just guessing The deuce has MLS CUP PLAYOFFS fuck Seattle Espn app maybe? The real shame is you guys cant see Brooke olzendam Like a fine wine mmm girl is lookin better with age Oh no Scott foster! Were fucked! Hood taking a charge in the first minute of the season gives me the tingling Two on Joker! Active Whiteside! Hell yes! Lmao how is that a foul on ZC? My god if the spurs lose to the fucking Knicks Love that pass from dame to Whiteside DeRozan has 3 pts wtf figure your shit out bro He kinda looks like alzono bodden Who is Nunn Am I missing something? Why are the Pistons only -1 vs theHawks tomorrow? Oh no Blake? Ok thats why Oh Im asking you Pistons are a playoff team with Blake. Hawks are trash. At least Unfortunately gonna miss it but its gonna be a great game Got Kim Petras tickets for tomorrow night $20 Mark Whoa whoa whoa Yeah lemme get that extra .5 Damn those are fly GOT EM Screenshot to prove it God Kim Petras is absolutely going to rule tonight Very good Shane Buechele rules Hes the best Shane to play QB since Falco No doubt Blazers are pick em tomorrow Free money alert Wow I might need to put down two more units Dylans fantasy team is dominating the Pistons That offensive PI in the SMU game fucked me so hard I just engaged in some friendly banter with a Washington State University fan in my neighborhood! Sports! Well he saw me coming out of my building so its a safety thing B flat average in high school is pretty good... I was barely above a B average in high school and I got into all of my top choices Boston University, Northeastern, and Emerson Didnt get into Syracuse, though. Fuck the Orange. Dunno what to tell you, Brock ??????? They let my 3.3 ass in They were willing to take my 55K per year And Oregons auto accept was lower than a 3.0 our application year. Yeah youre right cam It was like 2.75 or 2.8 I guess my question is does money factor into being a safety school? Cause I didnt consider Oregon a safety school but I also didnt want to pay that much for college Matt youve been awfully quiet... did you enjoy your experience at the safety school you went to? Marathon Taverna And by decent food and beer I mean $2 breakfast and $3.75 personal mini pitchers of rolling rock. not usually Otherwise I would say 10 Barrel, Breakside, Tope (rooftop at the Hoxton), Wayfinder, or Ecliptic Hey chad it appears TikTok is hiring a head of culture and diversity I think this is my opportunity to make a difference I got blocked by that cheesedick @juiceboxCA on twitter last night. Fucking clown. Can you guys hear that? I think turner is getting close ^this guy is so portland Wow thats some awesome core product Ive never been Sounds like a vibe They got ice cold CL? Amen I love a tasty, tasty craft brewski but sometimes I just need a simple refreshment. Houman Im gonna fly to New York and punch you in the face for asking if Sturgill is like Kenny Chesney Im so triggered right now Tyler Childers was just in Portland but it wasnt with Sturgill unfortunately Who the fuck is Kendrick nunn Corn Havent you seen interstellar McConaughey rules I hope theres a deleted scene of him driving that spaceship with one hand like it was a Lincoln Nah whats that Also is this irishmen move gonna be any good? Oh wow you have friends in the #industry? I need a lot of drinks but Im not done yet Except the bulls Hes gonna be sick Pick em lock Welcome to trumps America ?Blazers digital team in one boomerang We rushed you you fucking geed Anybody whos anybody knows that our son is gonna absolutely cook in a crushing loss on Sunday I dont think LSU is losing a game this year Appreciate the heads up Will avoid at all costs Probably wont watch TV this week just in case ?Look at these jive turkeys I might change my fantasy team name to that FUCK YOU DUBOV When is Pau supposed to be ready? Dr Mirtorabi with the expert analysis Really need a Heat win and Wolves loss here. Double whammy. Yall already know what time it is Is a player not allowed to tell his coach to challenge? No collision? *collusion I think so Oh interesting Did nobody from Dallas pick it up I wish fans could challenge coaching decisions Great foul by Dallas though Wow THJ almost got that This season is gonna have a record setting 3PA count By a wide margin ? The ol Texas two-step. https://twitter.com/max_olson/status/1188866388556955648?s=12 No idea lol I can only hope https://www.nytimes.com/2019/10/19/style/high-school-tiktok-clubs.html?module=inline Does anybody want to join my tiktok club after school? I fucking wish Apparently their head of NA marketing went to Oregon. The in-app editing capabilities are better But its basically the same concept More music focused Its not going anywhere I mean its already been around for a couple years already Its massive in china and then they acquired music.ly which was already mega popular with a younger demo Great question. I thought ByteDance bought music.ly The TikTok parent company Quick bit of internet research. ByteDance bought music.ly for a cool billie and merged it with TikTok risk of injury is too high Spaceman I think the reviews will cool off in a bit. Every coach is just trying to figure out their strategy. And dames foul Which was massive I guess youre right in the sense that right now there is no incentive for coaches not to use it They should implement an accumulation rule. If you get a few wrong in a row you lose it for the next game. ? Our path isnt exactly easy But a 95 rose bowl rematch would be sick Im not thinking playoff. Im thinking can we win out and go to the rose bowl. And I probably wouldnt bet on it tbh Its definitely a possibility But we have two, maybe three games left that a very tough to win Im not confident that we win out @USC, @ASU, and maybe P12CG vs Utah or USC again Watch us win all of those games but shit the bed vs Zona USWNT hired a coach. Vlatko! He was the Reign FC and formerly FC Kansas City coach. Won a couple NWSL championship. Players love him. I dont feel good about the Zers even with the 6 3 in 4 with two being really close Oh shit Danny Brown is in Portland tonight ?Went 7 teamer on the ML Yeah I love it Im trialing EDGE. Its ok. My baby bulls have lost two games to the two worst teams in the league in embarrassing ways ?? Like I dont think the bulls are a playoff team but losing to the hornets and Knicks?! In the final minute?! Yeah this is the back to back taking its toll http://weakspell.com/ this site has really high quality sports streams by the way LFG DAME That was the most candy ass foul call Ive ever seen https://twitter.com/royceyoung/status/1188980412380581888 Damn I was one bad minute from the Bulls away from a 7 team parlay hitting Meyers is like that kid that graduated from high school but still stops by at lunch periods to see his friends that are a year younger. Like we get it dude, you used to go here. This is weird. I didnt realize deadspin was still cranking away. I thought they went bankrupt or something https://www.sturgillsimpson.com/agoodlookntour dont forget to pre-register for presale Seems a bit petulant yeah Whats your point ive been following your conversation and I just went to the site. Seems like theyre just shitting on their desks on their last day. My bad dude I guess Ill stick to sports Dunno what I was thinking having an opinion about how some dudes were behaving pretty stupid of me Im just a dumb dumb that puts pictures on the internet ??????? Office politics arent something I would understand I think its childish lol this circumstance I dont care if workers strike, especially if theyre being mistreated, underpaid, abused, etc. But if you dont like the direction of the company maybe go work somewhere else? Idk I guess this is just me, but if I was going to get fired or quit or leave the company I probably wouldnt do it in such a way that might make it hard for me to get a job at the next place Like if I was gonna leave nike, I probably wouldnt tweet out Mark Parker is a pussy ass bitch from @nike on my way out Man you guys are super sensitive today Do you throw a temper tantrum every time your boss tells you to do something you dont want to do Absolutely You dont think I, as a sensitive person, can identify somebody being sensitive? Like a dog doesnt recognize another dog when it sees one? ok but you dont think there is another way to stick up for yourself and your work that might make it easier for you to get another job? Help me out with a detail I dont fully understand. Why did they sell to these jackass owners? If they didnt like the direction they were going It doesnt, all I said was that their behavior seems petulant And that set you guys off lol Right, its childish and bad tempered lol dont think this is a hill? By posting Woman furiously shits on floor of Tim Hortons, throws it at employees? Are you like personally friends with these dudes? Like why defend their honor Thats fine, Im sure they write good news articles? Kinda get the sense that they think theyre the smartest guys on the internet Forgive me for thinking that some smart writers might be able to come up with a more mature way to handle a disagreement with management? Whats the end game? Quit? So theyre striking by... working? Why not just stop publishing? Ok so humor me Play this scenario out Do their new bosses see the wrongs in their ways and say youre absolutely right, employees. Continue writing whatever you want. i wouldnt say Im concerned, Im just really curious What I said is that it seems petulant. It seems. As in it gives the impression to me. Idk that that can be argued? That something gave me that type of impression? I mean, I guess you could argue it. You could argue anything you want in this world, so Im wrong about that You could argue whether or not its petulant. How so? Thats literally what I said I was giving an opinion And then you told me I was dumb for having that opinion Which is fair And then we shifted to what theyre actually doing Yeah I still dont get it but thats fine Youre super riled up about this one so its clearly something very important to you help understand this - are they gonna get fired or nah? What were those tweets earlier about not being employed? Did I misunderstand that And if so, do you have a headshot of these writers I can use to make a Kap ad for twitter Do they have equity? Like whats the ownership structure if its just a bunch of rich old suits owning it, I have a hard time thinking theyre gonna cave on this if it means articles written about their rich white friends But also, like, why did they but it in the first place? If not to kill it/? I shouldve asked this up front but what was the story that got them in trouble Cause to me deadspin is a site that makes snarky comments about old white nfl owners and shit like that I mean Im looking at this in a vacuum Can all the dudes at dead spin just leave and make their own new site? They clearly have loyal followers https://twitter.com/nbcsports/status/1129791776720596992?s=12 Oh oh lets take sides on this one and argue You know, Brock, I think Im on managements side here... lol Im kidding Dabo sucks Thats why I only support schools that dont have names on the pack of their jerseys Go Penn State! Talk about a program that does it the right way. Are we also going to tax non-athlete students who get scholarships? They can profit of their likeness. https://twitter.com/CHold/status/1189276910846644226 Told yall that was a candy ass foul Call me Alex Donaghy Just watched an edit for an upcoming behind the design video with Shaquem. All of our designers are white!!!!! ?Well this is awkward I used to hate my dads grand Cherokee but it was that early 2000s model that was just notoriously awful Whos on the Nats tonight And the under I like the under in the that tasty match up God I love unders This baseball sucks where are the boobies ? hopefully its these two chicks turn ?Baseball is fun! https://twitter.com/k_hua/status/1189260639933476864?s=21 cant wait to experience this first hand on Thursday night Lot C is my hell. But I will trust you. Oh I meant for parking, Matt. Never could find a spot there. That reminds me of an onion article Is that where G-Baby wouldve gone? Chad I meant to ask you about that. There was a WSJ article about it but ironically I couldnt read it. Does YTTV carry Altitude? interesting. If Comcast is charging a regional sports fee theyre just passing along the subscription fee to the consumer so not sure what altitude would be fighting for Dave Martinez about to get tossed from this game That was so bad He literally ran over the bag Where else is he supposed to run Right Terry Stotts would get this challenge right. Lmaooooo Trea Turner is fucking going in on Joe Torre That makes me so happy If the Nats lose this game -- well, actually, nobody will care. Except Mike Wilson and Uncle Tony *Wilbon Rendon is a savage Ok no more runs I couldnt handle being a Nats fan My boss is from DC. Every morning she looks like she went on a week long bender. These teams are gonna combine for like 8 more runs tonight How did it take MLB this many years to schedule a game in a corn field in Iowa? Oh shit Dave Martinez got tossed Wait, that play wasnt even reviewable?! Wow that was the lamest explanation of all time. The umpires put on the headsets to tell NY that the Nats wanted to protest the game and the replay official read the rule back to the umps over the headset. Why did that take 5 minutes? Lmao Myles sucks When he worked at TE he would come to the Portland office and just stand outside chain-smoking cigs all day Firing off tweets Im surprised they dont have some sort of all-access high level league pass for media Lol fuck off Dont associate me with that asshat Ive been wondering the same thing https://twitter.com/kingjosiah54/status/1189419541152944128?s=12 RIP to a legend Joe Torre explains Trea Turner's controversial runner interference call after Game 6
https://twitter.com/i/events/1189394084189749248 god this is just embarrassing At least we get to be Stalin Lol yeah Its almost like they havent watched Kyries career at all Let me tell you, kyrie is just a sensitive dude. Jackie Mac hit piece on the former Celtic Hell hath no fury like a Jackie Mac scorned FUCK CSKA! chad I was looking for a line on both teams getting 11 red cards and subsequently drowning in the Pacific Ocean but I couldnt find it I hope whoever wins tonights east game kicks the ever-loving shit out of Seattle Dude go watch the entire presser. Its fucking wild. Yeah hes nuts He just rambles They need one of those old timey hooks for him where somebody offstage can just pull him back My favorite was and the canine - they call it it a canine. I call it a dog. Its a dog to me. Man that rules. Its sick thats a not subtle shot at Zuck The one thing I will say about Jacks statement is that he lives in this delusional world where his platforms algorithm is pure only only bubbles the content that people truly care about and engage with. Thats so far from reality. Yes, candidates and PACs will no longer be able to pay to place their bullshit directly in your path. But they can release a ton of bulls into the field and if you wander around long enough youre gonna step in a bunch of bullshit. I applaud him for making the right decision but lets not pretend like this solves the problem on twitter. It barely addresses it. Didnt seem to matter for trump We play by a different set of rules now Is somebody out tonight for the Clips? Ah gotcha Celtics Giannis going for 80 tonight You hate to see it, Gundy. Jesus Nightmare fuel https://twitter.com/HayesBrown/status/1189665081656856576 Ok this is funny Houman cheer fucking louder I need this nets win My baby bulls blew another 4th quarter. When will I learn my lesson? Probably never I picked a great week to go against Harden and Booker ?? Both of my locks of the night lost so what the fuck do I know Matt that is incredible https://twitter.com/JoelEmbiid/status/1189787845701058560 Wait what? What did I do? Games played are games played! What would Vegas say It wasnt how many games will Embiid miss due to injury ?One of you gif pros replace turtles with futures I went on a roller coaster ride across the NBA, MLB, and NHL last night Shoutout to the Nats for hitting that over and saving me And the Warriors for BARELY squeaking out the over even though they were down and out Wait I like money ?Draymond rn Hey they had that one good year that one time! ok but also They were one of the most talented teams in the history of the league for a sustained period They would get everybodys best shot 82 nights a year and still would rack up wins I mean I hate them because theyre whiny bitches but credit where credit is due I dont think any team wins a championship without at least some luck Warriors twitter suuuuuuucks You guys are missing the point here If the blazers had a healthy Greg Oden, Brandon Roy, and LaMarcus Aldridge for more than 82 total games we wouldve been an all-time dynasty Probably wouldve competed with Bill Russell & Red Auerbach for greatest run I love outlook But one of my co-workers uses outlook on her web browser and it freaks me out Thats some serial killer shit I dont know nothin about no finance, but the rest is all true. I work in marketing so we have an unlimited budget Yessir Well, truth be told mostly from my phone since Im not always at my desk But when Im on my laptop, its through the desktop app Ill take the niners at +14 no thank you I get to skip it this time. Kat is picking us up Mark I have no idea Happy birthday Gundy! Sorry you have to take an L this week. Unless his vision is the Bucks over the Celtics Wow west coast bias You hate to see it What time is that game Ian I would watch that Wow perfect For my Sunday afternoon hangover https://twitter.com/apwestregion/status/1189982915377160193?s=12 ASG GONNA BE LI- well, its still not gonna lit, actually. Rengel, probably. https://www.hollywoodreporter.com/news/bill-simmons-launch-book-basketball-20-podcast-1251319?utm_source=Hashtag+Sports&utm_campaign=d11a21d32b-HSD_July_30_COPY_01&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_ebc768df89-d11a21d32b-309860041 bill really gonna ride book of basketball to his grave. Oh Jesus. I just saw our Germany Just Do It campaign video and it is... yikes. Its just very... lets just put it this way. Joseph Goebbels would probably throw it a like and subscribe. Was he on the phone with Simmons? I think mayor Pete would be down Its like if they played the Super Bowl in the infield at Daytona during the 500 Wow Lakers vs Luka with DB on the call. Happy birthday, Gundy. Rockets fucked up my ML parlay ?Houman MYBOOBIE Dude chad I almost screamed at my phone when he drove The sad thing is, the nfl has the best concussion protocol of all the leagues. And I use the term best very loosely Gundy how you gonna drag the guy who is currently beating you? Do you guys hear that? Thats the sound of Oregon running up the score on USC. LFG DUCKS. JERRY THE KING LAWLER LOVES THE DUCKS We are highly leveraged on the Ducks today The King has spoken The Maryland coach kinda looks like Bunk from the Wire Brock Huard can truly SMDFTB Ian please remove yourself from the chat Who the fuck is fuckman korkmaz? Gundy I believe in you. One day it will hit. Im at Ha VL. In desperate need of pho. I would eat chicken for charity Yaaaaas What is his buyout Hadnt heard that but it wouldnt surprise me. Nike keeps trying to make him the face of Adapt and I doubt he wants that. Would be a really bad move on his part, though. Thats no accident Thats a 21 point salute to those who served after 9/1 *9/11 lol that tweet is dumb but I respect the hell out of his twitter name https://twitter.com/nytimes/status/1191384056249901056?s=12 I cant wait for the day hes forced to release his tax returns and everybody public mocks his greatest insecurity Exactly If it doesnt start with a capital B, hes gonna get owned Lol are you guys serious about this suite? Im 100% out on paying $200 for a blazers game lol Have you been in a suite at the Moda? There is not free beer There is a waitress that will bring you beer that you pay for Hey chad why is box down I cant download the files I need to publish our shitty Germany campaign Maybe its a sign from the cloud Lololol Big Boi rules. Go Ducks. I think its working now. All of my partners across the org and agency werent able to download but now its cool I appreciate the quick, personal customer service! Do you need me to take a short survey after our call? First time its ever happened to me ??????? Fuck Bovada. Ill never use them again after that Super Bowl national anthem fiasco They said Gladys Knight went under because she sang a word twice but she clearly went voer *over Most books just nullified the bet and refunded wager amounts, but Bovada chalked it up as a loss to all over bettors. Is Embiid still out? Shoutout to the three teams over 2000 points in la liga after two weeks #1 vs #3 this week. I see you, Chad. Cant wait for Zion to get back. ?Me when Zion comes back are they playing on Christmas Day https://www.theringer.com/2019/10/31/20942249/deadspin-g-o-media-fired-quit-sports-illustrated-maven-sports-media I think its time I eat some crow here While i dont necessarily agree with some of the tactics, I was looking at them in isolation. Zooming out to the full picture, I see why they felt the need to do it. https://twitter.com/kaitlancollins/status/1191450890340884481?s=12 Why does he insist on ruining all of the good things we have left? ?Also wtf Kurt Suzuki? Lol damn it sounds like you got grounded and your parents sent you to your room Errant you say? The first three minutes of this Nets/Pels game has been awesome Richard Jefferson is such a Nets homer Hey thats how I found my girl! fortunately, she quit her job at my company so I wont end up like the McDonalds CEO Dented can, half off. I cant believe Ky Bowman is an NBA starting point guard Hezonja step back three I think I need to change my shorts Mario Hezonja is my favorite professional basketballer. YTTV rules Ant is letting them fly These young fellas better learn how to control themselves when guarding a vet Dame about to give Swaggy Pool buckets in the second half Damn I didnt realize Ed Davis broke his fibula. That sucks. The blazers are getting their asses handed to them on the hustle board Anthony Tolliver scores 34 points in an NBA game? What? This shit is embarrassing. Were playing like bitches. Goddamnit Hassan https://twitter.com/OWONGNation/status/1191590389968326656 Baze is fucking broke tonight Holy shit I forgot CJ was on our team Did he just check in or has he played minutes tonight? We got what we deserved after our social team posted this https://www.instagram.com/p/B4eBhrHJmGc/?igshid=1pvvwb22xrzce Nobody better talk to me at work tomorrow!!! That means you, Janice from legal! Thank god real basketball starts tomorrow Though I must say I cant believe they have the fucking nerve to call it the champions classic when none of the four teams are defending champions. The last time they won was 2015! Cat people are weird Wow devastating news for Dylans title chances Re: Nurk. Big Papi basically said the same thing before he got popped. If you told me every guy in the league was on something I would believe you And I would be ok with it Dude they have to. These guys play or practice every day of their lives from the time theyre 12 years old. The body cant take that. Whats that company he has? Ladder? Thats all roid powder You cant convince me otherwise Either that or a placebo Fuck I forgot blazers -4.5 was the final piece of my teaser last night. goddamnit. Kansas and Michigan State I think Michigan State is a lock for the Final Four Whats it at? I think Duke opened as the favorite but KU is laying points now But if you can get either game within 2-3 points I would take it imo Idk about the totals, though. Kinda hard to gauge on these season opener exhibitions yeah I like that. Im gonna go in on that right now Yeah Rengel I think they always get gassed up a little bit at the start of the year i think its harder with college basketball than football because the player turnover has more impact Nick Saban probably doesnt even know his players names week one and it doesnt matter Im 100% in for a Rip City Row They show you on the big screen, dont they? JOEVAN CATRON SUPERLIGA https://twitter.com/TwitterMoments/status/1191805831987240964 Dear god no Lol Melo aint it either Melo is trash So is Tolliver Dame set him up for so many open looks last night Tolliver executed one of the worst close outs Ive ever witnessed in my life at the end of that Sixers game Did you smoke pot 21 minutes ago? The first time I bet against my baby bulls, they show out. This is how it works every time. And every time I do it. Save some for me chad 28 turnovers for KU. Whattya gonna do? ??????? lol when a college kid says the amount of work we put in gave them the advantage. every team has the same number of hours lol I hate the hornets so much The baby bulls blew it again but its the Spurs that actually fucked me this time! Krzyzewski. Self. Izzo. Calipari. Champions Classic? They should call it the Scumbag Shootout. Can I have it then? You know what I dont need? Dickie Vs take on NCAA allowing players to profit off their likeness. Dont need any diaper dandies sneaking bills outta Dickie Vs wallet! Its 11:15 in New York and theyre starting the second half. Idk how yall do it. Im about to go to bed. Same, Mark. Actually Im gonna get a win. Shoutout to Buzzcut Brad and the Wisconsin Badgers. This is my daily rant against people who get to the front of the coffee line and dont know what they want Wow that rules. I had to pass on Sturgill tickets at the gorge. I think Coachella, stagecoach, Sturgill three weekends in a row might actually kill me. I really hate that the Portland show is at VMC Ive enjoyed every show Ive been to at the Schnitz i could see why somebody like Sturgill wouldnt sound good in there. Ive mostly seen acts like Kacey there VMC is a concrete box surrounded by a glass box. It is the worst sounding venue Ive ever been in. Definitely makes sense Oh I didnt know that Mark where is it playing in Nashville Syr/UVA under Great question, Houman. Anybody have thoughts on NBA games? Maybe the Magic? Or Sixers? Or Bucks? Does he have 3P% numbers to support that? Or are unders common the first week of the season? Why would they tweet that We got some tasty, defensive MACTION going on My Hoos about to tip Fuck the orange UVA vs Syracuse is my Pornhub Disappearing middle class Damn George hill just got his clock cleaned That eye is gonna be swollen shut for a day or two Goddamnit FSU lost by two. Wouldve secured my 4 pick parlay ? Mark Jackson just said Reggie Miller was a 95-97% FT shooter for his life... I also pushed a teaser with Mavs -1 and lost a parlay because City drew and didnt win Today couldve been massive Any of us couldve told you that What a kick in the nuts Champagne & Campaign If youre googling best strip club in _____ youre not gonna find it I teased. I know I shouldnt but I did. +10.5 Im still salty about that FSU game yesterday ?My action today Honestly that WSU game scares me, but I gotta have faith in a defense first coach I almost had to sit down to conceal my boner last night when I saw the 48-34 final score in the UVA/Cuse game. Shit! Both of my puck bets are losing. Very NSFW Man that Will Ferrell thing is tough 1. Step Brothers
2. Old School
3. Elf
4. Anchorman
5. Talladega Nights
6. Other Guys
7. Blades of Glory
8. Kicking & Screaming (havent seen it) I could put anchorman anywhere from 1 to 4 That movie hit right at the most influential age for me But step brothers is just so fucking quotable Elf is so impressive because there arent really that many good original Christmas movies in the 2000s Why isnt Semi pro on the list Surprised bill doesnt have some weird take like night at the Roxbury is wills best movie Continuing to give Kawhi 15 footers probably not a good idea imo That was the most Lou Williams shot It cannot be overstated how terrible the clippers court is There are some ass games tomorrow Do the pacers and pistons play 25 times per season? ?Look at this basura Oh sorry didnt scroll that far Riles back where it all began? Wow chad break out the casa migos happy birthday dude Is Chinese food a euphemism for asian pussy? Lmaaaaaoooo ???? Proud of you big dog KAWHI STOPPER https://www.oregonlive.com/crime/2019/11/portland-man-accused-of-domestic-violence-related-rape.html this dude works at Nike and he fucking sucks Hes a jackass Which stuff? The rapist? weve done a lot of shitty things this week as a company. Thats not part of the rape case Thats about Salazaar and the Oregon Project related to the NYT op-ed Like I said, weve done a lot of shitty things this week Oh sick roman Polanski has been accused of another rape Oh wow hell yes That would be sick What? Why? Apparently its because Penny helped his family move from Nashville to Memphis... IN 2008! The long con That 8 year old that you helped his family move across state? Yeah thats a violation. Between that and Chase Young Sabrina next. Odds are high Chad Grundy the composition and presentation of your Instagram is wonderful but I refuse to like it out of pure hatred of Kyrie. Nothing personal. Lmao Waiters overdosed on gummies ? How you feeling Chad L S U If Bama loses theyre out Undefeated Ohio State and Clemson are locks Undefeated LSU is a lock and maybe #1 I think if Oregon and Utah win out the winner of the conference title would get in over a bama team that lost at home If they dont play for the conference title Yeah I mean I could be 100% wrong Oh yeah absolutely if either Oregon or Utah lose that game loses all of its value What race did the horse lose? Preakness? This tiger team is so fucking sick LOL at all the experts that thought this was gonna be a smash mouth low scoring under Go beat off to your SEC network replays from 10 years ago Thats what Im saying. Every pod I listened to this week was hammering the under I cant wait until all the old ass SEC blowhards are off the air. CBS is unwatchable Gary Danielson needs to be sent upstate Ian I take back what I said earlier. Probably cant keep this Bama team out if they win out Clemson is ass. If they win another shaky game I question their case. God I love top ranked teams talking about adversity and how nobody believed in them Really need Mark to do the Tokyo Party Boy Action network app is just for tracking bets, you cant actually place them through it. I have a bookie I go through that has a website he added me to I am leveraged on some NCAAB UNDERS TODAY God I love unders AN is good to track your lifetime picks. You can only track parlays and teasers if you pay for the premium. But you can also see the % breakdown of where bets and money are coming in. Their analysis on actual games is pretty shit. My buddies use it and its also cool to see where theyre betting Yeah do you not follow me? Anybody got thoughts about the nba slate? BetOnline is my preferred of the online books Bovada can suck my nuts Let me refer you to betonline So I can get that tasty bonus Whats your email Ok sent Florida needs to pick it up. Thankfully its a close game and we all know Leonard Hamilton is going to make a coaching blunder for FSU Might take a few minutes idk But I did the refer a friend thing https://betonline.ag/?RAF=RLYP764V&product=SPO Or try that Dont the browns have OBJ? I wish nothing but the worst for them I did it via check But I think you can do BTC I definitely did not have 500 in my account Maybe they changed it idk https://twitter.com/NPR/status/1193606735937835008 Oh the irony Huge night for Dylans fantasy team I think Ive put together quite possibly the greatest fantasy basketball team of all time Fuck TFC gave up an own goal #FreeDion It was Riles Just one Man blazers -8.5 feels way too high No Rodney tonight I got fucking crushed in hockey bets today Yikes What in the fuck is Tolliver doing out there That was so smart by dame. Bembry looked away for a half second to see if a screen was coming and dame blew past him Maybe they should fire Scott Perry for giving Fiz 8 PFs and RJ Barrett Only three undefeated left in la liga Im projected to LOSE! SAD! I live my life a fantasy week at a time. 
- Dom Toretto
- - Alex Dubov Hornets and Wolves really fucking me. Who do they think they are winning these games? Those kids are dumb Those boos were so misguided. Its not drakes fault those idiot kids convinced themselves frank ocean was gonna be there How food service should be! God what a nightmare. You have a crying kid that just wants to watch Moana and the fucking OTT app isnt working? Anybody going to the ducks game tonight I dont have tickets, just seeing how many people are going and/or if anybody still needed tix ?Eat your heart out, Meyers. What the fuck is the stump town scallion Is this an onion ripoff Oh yeah Ive got a couple units on that Who the fuck is this korknutz guy for philly Yeah I remember that game winner but where the hell did he come from Do I need a Forkman jersey Oh so hes pro Ergodan? This Evansville game has been so sick. Two late shot clock violations might fuck them but what an effort LFG EVANSVILLE ACES Damn the sixers and cavs fucked me. Really needed OT. Yeah I teased it down to 210 Free Maction! I just wont bet against teams I like. Only for them when I think they can cover. And I wont bet on UW to cover Fuck off tolliver Good defense by Gary Wait did Gary Trent change numbers Yeah Not boxing out James Wiseman seems like a questionable strategy imo I thought Oregon played a poor first half but definitely picked it up in the second half I disagree with that but sure We made a ton of mistakes tonight but the effort in the second half was very strong Idk who most of these players are so idk what the expectations are Nah I was pretty nervous tbh I would agree were a much better team than Memphis I agree with that They always come on strong late Memphis is all freshman we should be handling this team easily Honesty I think if Wiseman isnt dealing with all the off court bullshit he probably is more focused Yeah I never know who any of the players are until the third or fourth game Besides Pritchard Covered. Great team. What the fuck are the blazers doing Are we really this bad? Do we give up the most threes in the league? Cause it feels like it. These defensive rotations are ass Went from up $300 tonight to most likely down $100 That was disgusting This whole Stephen Miller thing is so fucking stupid. Oh the guy that wrote blatantly racist speeches and policies for the president is racist? Cant believe it. Vs who The thing is, its completely possible for UCLA to win that game because it would be the most pac12 thing ever UCLA could win the south with that win and a win over USC God that would fucking suck for us Yeah thats some bad juju you cant do that Goddamnit I hate the pac12 so much lol lol yeah you dont get to pick something and make it the next thing. society decides. Otherwise I wouldve declared Very Cavalari the next KUWTK https://www.instagram.com/p/B4yGGgIBdog/?igshid=1fl6vv1b7fgk4 I would venture a guess that a lot of them Jim Jordan can eat a dick Jordan, McCarthy, Scalise, Cheney, and ESPECIALLY Nunes are all total fuckheads McCarthy put up a fucking picture of st basils cathedral and said were living in a soviet style witch hunt That guy doesnt know the first fucking thing about soviet era politics Other than soviets are bad! Is Kawhi playing tonight Sorry too distracted by those killer shades scottie has on i had one of those posters every year They were sick Wow my Villanova ML bet is looking duuuuuumb lol god that bio Mike Piazza is gonna manage the Italian national team because of course ?No respect so my grandma is having shoulder surgery in December and guess who the doctor is. The same guy who does the blazers shoulder surgeries including ZCs. Gundy can you please ask Terry what the timetable is for my grandmas return? You guys Im starting to think maybe my blazers over isnt gonna hit https://twitter.com/michellcclark/status/1194759775206170624?s=12 https://twitter.com/jeffborzello/status/1195015593767964672?s=12 Lmao that is incredible isnt PIT +3 a lock tonight? I havent been keeping up but isnt Cleveland bad? Blazers give up 124 points per 100 possessions in the 4th quarter And yes that is worst in the league Those shoes are so fucking dumb. Asian bought a pair today. Theyre not really track spikes I dont think, they just look like it I think theyre rubber soled and I think they wear out pretty quick tbh If I was a betting man I would guess were pumping over a million units into the marketplace What do we think? Is Kristaps o20.5 a lock in a revenge game? Free chick-fil-a for a year is only 85% as awesome as it sounds ?Got all my sports covered tonight Almost all of the lines on NCAAB, NBA, and NCAAF are -107 on the service I go through lol https://twitter.com/THEKIDMERO/status/1195129690123575296 Ian are you going through Landon? Are you fucking kidding me Hes a fucking bum Our choices are Anthony the bum or other Anthony the bum Im so out on this team Portland has no respect for their legends. We let meyers wear 11. Im worried about this seton hall team Were gonna have our hands full Porzingis with 18 with 9 left in the third! Lock! Kristaps hasnt gotten the ball since I said that But my son is unconscious Omg KP put back slam One more point! Is that place good? Walked by a bunch of times but never tried Thats all I care about I do not share the vision How many points is he gonna score for who? The blazers? Hes gonna score more points for the Beijing Ducks this year than the blazers Oh Jesus Christ speaking of scoreless, Kristaps went scoreless in the fourth and I lost by .5 Yall need to stop with this nonsense Dont bring those legends into this dumpster fire Detlef Schrempf was on parks and recreation goddamnit Dog will hunt Reversible Jordan/Grant Hill Other favorites were Rudy Fernandez, Brandon Roy, Ime Udoka, Sabonis Man I do this really dumb thing where i have a gut feeling on a bet but then I read something by an expert and I ignore it and listen to them. Theyre always wrong. I am a genius and they are not. Im getting obliterated today The experts are the reason Im getting obliterated Let it ride space God what a terrible game https://twitter.com/jessenewell/status/1195540183317397504?s=21 what a bitch lol Indiana fucked this game up in the 3rd quarter They had a 4th and short around midfield. Wasted a timeout to figure out what they wanted to do and then ran a terribly executed fake punt. PSU go the ball back and scored two plays later. And they have the best punter in college football lol No. But he is the Heisman winner. CBS probably has 10 SEC guys going 1-10 I mean, yeah I think he will be good in the NFL. But I would never waste a #1 pick on him I have lost every time I have ever bet against temple Fuck Bill Cosby. Fuck Philly. Why? What if you dont need a QB I would 100% trade down before taking burrow #1 Hes good but hes not going to turn around a franchise Minus the smoking hot wife I hope Clemson gets the piss beat out of them go Deacs That Kap workout has caused me to work on a Saturday which I dont appreciate. Im surprised that the NFL didnt tell all 32 teams to send somebody to the workout The NFL would allow media and wanted him to sign a non-standard waiver so he said fuck yall and went with plan b at his own workout Yeah sorry Would not Idk the details of the waiver they wanted him to sign I just know it wasnt a standard medical waiver Kap is not easy to work with, but this was all the NFLs doing They set this entire thing up to make it look like Kap isnt blackballed Some twitter doctors were saying its potentially career ending Bama could win 11 games by 1 point and they would get in over a pac 12 champ Its baffles me that anybody from this longhorns defense was invited to the senior bowl God I love Sam Ehlinger https://twitter.com/Monroe_SA/status/1195899836542935041 Duncan most vocal is an unexpected statement https://twitter.com/ramonashelburne/status/1195939918406488064 This is inexcusable I hate this fuck Dan Hurley. Hes such a bitch. Ike Obiagu just fouled out for Seton Hall with 12:40 left in the game. Ducks gotta attack him. Wow fuck Brad Stevens he just ruined my parlay He had a timeout idk why he didnt advance the ball and get the play you want Not a knock on Marcus smart but a runner from him is not your best option Wow #2 & #3 go down! Shoutout to Gundy and Cam for huge wins. It appears only one undefeated remains ?? Projections are for the birds Why do yall think Im in first place? Commish is rewarding good behavior. Ian is making the same case I made when Tudor tried to DA me senior year for not coming to chapter. I told you I wasnt going to. I was one Celtics bounce away from going undefeated today. Still a profitable day 1-May You have Gundys attention No way celts drop back to back games right? ?On my Gundy bullshit Removed a heart from Im so glad the blazers finally got their shit together Death to the P12N! I hope all conference networks die But ESPECIALLY the Pac 12 Network No, this is my wish. It will never happen because Larry Scott has a fetish for burning money. I still think its hilarious that the P12 wanted Utah and Colorado to get the SLC and Denver media markets yet half of the conference territory cant even get their stupid fucking channel. https://twitter.com/THEKIDMERO/status/1196469467200544768 Under. No. Whats the date to make his contract fully guaranteed? January something? I think he either gets cut or bails because he hates it Not often I agree with Chris Vernon, but in this case I do. Portland is desperate and if were desperate for Melo, were gonna get the full Melo Experience. I see it the other way around. Melo thinks (whether its right or wrong) that hes saving our ass. Everybody is gonna have a hot take tomorrow morning Cant wait to hear what Stephen A. has to say. Im a pessimist and the #1 Carmelo Anthony hater so I do not see this ending well. Things can always get worse. ?Looks like Melo made it to Portland safely Need a big second half from my Cavs I hate this hornets team so fucking much It was only a matter of time before Space moved to Brooklyn! Like a moth to a flame! No wonder I got such good odds on this parlay. It was a shit bet! Where is Carmelo Show yourself! So announce it and roll his ass out there! I want to be proven wrong! I hate watching him Almost as much as I hate watching this parlay update. God this is the worst bet Ive ever made. I love Nas Bucks -8.5 was one of my rare hits in the parlay but if Boston ML closes out it will cancel out the parlay! https://twitter.com/adamcward/status/1196608939468578816?s=12 5-1 today. 6-1 yesterday. My only Ls were both NBA parlays. I think the betting gods are telling me something. You guys I bet a UVA over Ive never done this But 114 is way too low But god if that game finishes u114 I will have a raging hard on https://vm.tiktok.com/HyVvpL/ Bucks not losing another game this season https://vm.tiktok.com/HyvGvB/ this one is for you cam Did they get the Minnie nudes? more like 8 points on 20 shots Gundy did you just completely block the greg oden era out of your mind? Dude idk Mark I havent had time to watch many games this season but the lineup has been wildly inconsistent Scottie Pippen maybe? Drazen? Was he drafted technically or signed? I would rather have Greg oden on a bum leg using his massive dong to balance than let Melo out there ?? Thats the most burch thing Ive ever heard Glad I held off on the red. Those are sick. If we lose at home to the heat two years in a row I probably can never be Ians friend again Yes, we will still be brothers. Mins + pts + asts + rebs he MIGHT get to 30 I would pay infinite amounts for that PPV Nice little blend of NCAAB, NBA, and NHL tonight. No parlays, though. Im resisting the urge. Hopefully six hours from now Im 13-0! Its still 20 too many. Terry using the same logic I use when somebody at the bar asks me if I want another shot With relish What happens when the offensive wizard meets the offense stopper I would bet all of my $5000 in site credit on that Matt I making the kids do jab step drills at practice tonight Followed by fadeaway shooting drills And then transition defense drills where they just stay on the offensive end of the floor I would if I could But it validates my hatred, Gundy. Gundy did you hammer the lake show Nice I have them in a teaser. I caved. JFC that third quarter blew up my under Im fucked And my hockey bets are getting blown up Oh wow and just like that my Islanders win in OT! Were back in business, baby! That was fun, guys. Well reconvene for the next meeting of the I Hate Melo Club on Thursday during the battle of the two most diverse cities in North America. Im sick That cuck better find a place to live that isnt portland Hes partially responsible for this mess If the republicans were smart (yuge if, I know) they would immediately discredit his testimony by asking why he changed it so many times The best part of this is that Jim Jordan isnt even on that committee but they GOP decided they wanted to tag him in and yield their time to him. They looked around the room and thought yes, he is the man for the job. I love the Ive never heard of him line from trump in that meeting yesterday Ive never heard of the guy that has been all over the TV channel that I watch 16 hours a day. Lol the trump re-election campaign is buying a super bowl spot Cant wait to see this high art https://youtu.be/qan2GxkJNFc omg Im fucking crying this is so good A neural network analyzed 7 years of nike spots and spit out its own version lmaoooo https://thenextweb.com/artificial-intelligence/2019/11/19/ai-creates-the-perfectish-nike-commercial-after-studying-7-years-of-ads/ heres the article I mean yeah the guy could be completely bullshitting Either way its hilarious Maybe only to me because I have to live these spots every day That fake spot wouldve cost us $7MM if WK made it lol lol we know dude I dont think anybody cares either way Its funny The point is that nike commercials are fucking dumb and WK sucks You must have hated The Hangover 3! i think Im too close to it. Dealing with the internal politics on that stuff is my least favorite part of my job. I think the overall message is good, albeit perhaps a bit hypocritical I also understand that its easier to go back to the well than it is to come up with something fresh. Thats fair. Speaking of great writing... https://twitter.com/gettyimagesnews/status/1197202729334128642?s=12 Touche Hahaha fair Haha I think so. Its from Getty I mean somebody with the IQ level of a 9 year old did I mean, why is he even writing that shit down anyway? He goes off script every time. Wow that is sick Rengel https://twitter.com/ellievhall/status/1197195784422338561 God there is so much free money to be had in NCAAB tonight God that is such good marketing #CoverForPau cant exonerate something that never happened! Total witch hunt! Not just him. All of the congressmen that dont vote to impeach or vote to remove. Their reelections are also very important. Depends on the district theyre from But yeah, for some of them it will But those arent necessarily seats that can be flipped anyway. i think its very relevant Virginia and Louisiana just elected Democrats in gubernatorial elections where Trumpito campaign HARD for the republican candidate Yes, what Rengel just said Hes toxic You can bring whatever you want on a charter bro Bro Ive never even been in first class Thats what happens when you party with a chad Did you guys know that Daniel Theis is actually dead? We can not afford OT This is part five of a five teamer ? Well Im FUCKED! Wow fuck that kid from Fresno State. Why take that selfish garbage 3? Cut him. Take his scholarship. NEVER IN DOUBT! I worked way too hard to finish the day up .75 units https://twitter.com/zachkleinwsb/status/1197338725946142720?s=12 I had georgia -5.5 I also had Siena +6.5. The lost by 11 in triple OT. How does that happen? And Fresno State/SMC landed on 126 on a garbage time layup. I had U125.5 ?? Lol holy shit Wow Brock is having a good week. Too bad its wasted on a mediocre opponent. Wow when you put it that way Not all heroes wear capes ?Damn J Rose has changed a lot since college Renaissance man Wow hell yeah rengel Youre gonna be higher than the bucks point total God the bulls have fucked me so many times this season This is the first night since college season started that Im not betting any of the games Is Skal the secret sauce?! Getting buckets, rebounding, defending Giannis! I think skal was switched on him But he shut him down! SKAL IS GETTING BUCKETS YOU CANNOT STOP HIM Wes just pumpfaked Melo back into his Nuggets days I wish I could downvote commercials so I didnt have to see that stupid fucking Mountain Dew migos ad This game is way closer than I thought it would be Still a lotta time I guess Oh shit Clint Eastwood made a movie about Richard jewel?? Sure lets just let planet pat have open lanes to the bucket You know what feels good? When you dont make any basketball bets and then look through the scores and realize everything you thought about wouldve lost. Not losing money feels way better than losing money. https://www.instagram.com/p/B5JwmOTFSb5/?igshid=1xvbjweli9bz0 He looks like John Gordon and Bryant Rombaoas love child Whoa Damn needed one more point from the lakers. Who missed a free throw that I can blame this on? Clay how were the black keys I dont think it matters Big 10 winner will be top 4 Actually this is bad Ohio State would absolutely dismantle us in the rose bowl Were a basketball school Both genders Just sprinkled some powder on my Hamilton tiger cats to win the coveted Grey Cup TiCats -4 https://twitter.com/So_Money_Sports/status/1198832500044259328 No Zach LaVine is big mad at jim Boylen. Hes scorched earth Zach LaVine right now Nah I wont do it BKN @ Cavs is PK I might take a shot at those pesky cavs Celtics revenge game tonight Lotta sharp money on Philly Oh those fuckers took UCLA ML off the board as I was hitting submit. PK now. ?? I think its free for a year if you have Verizon? Or maybe thats only for new Verizon customers. But Im assuming it has Remember the Titans and if that is in fact the case it is worth infinite money I would say the real value is probably in the bundle with ESPN+ and Hulu Yeah I get Hulu for free also Never use it I have recording set up on YouTube TV for DDD. Endless episodes. I just moved into a different spot on Friday and I think Ive convinced my buddy to cancel Comcast and keep YTTV We use weak spell to illegally stream random games but I dont think it has NCAAB Well Dayton showed up to hit the over but Georgia did not. Opted for GT ML instead of +1.5. They lost by 1 in OT. Arkansas is a fraud! The ML was the right side!!! Are the blazers gonna find a way to blow this I hate to admit this because I hate Bruce Pearl so much, but I love this auburn team Brock... the 05 blazers had Ruben Patterson, Travis Outlaw, Darius Miles, Zach Randolph, Sebastian Telfair, and Martell Webster... We havent seen culture since they broke up that team These warriors broadcasters are morons Seriously who are these dipshits for the warriors. Its bad enough their team sucks but their fans also have to listen to this shit? Does that count as a game played? Man I am getting obliterated today Bill is in mid-season form right now. He just said I know some people that will happily bury you alive. And taken out of context that is absolutely terrifying. There is a guy that plays for BYU that looks like he works at the hardware store and he knows which product will get any stain out. Like ANY stain. Blood. Semen. Anything. Thats fine as long as it says Melo is a bum on the back Anybody else trying to do the #PapaJohnChallenge? I think I can eat 40 pizzas in 30 days lololol My Son is gonna absolutely cook tonight. Gonna be handing out Slovenian dishes to everybody https://www.theroot.com/pete-buttigieg-is-a-lying-mf-1840038708 They dont make biopics about people forgotten in history Kendall Roy as Mayor Pete delivering a rap about how hes a friend of the minorities Gonna tell my kids this was Quin Snyder https://twitter.com/jon_bois/status/1199372404784615426?s=20 Only need the blazers to go 41-23 to hit that over So Ashleys parents own a promotional products company (basically your companys logo on anything you can think of) and Im at their office right now. I feel like Im living in a real-life episode of The Office. Met the warehouse folks, the accounting and sales departments, reception. Have yet to identify the Dwight of the bunch though Yeah man that game is gonna be close FIRE MOURINHO Never! This Mavs court is horrendous Somebody is about to get slimed Lmao I forgot about jet set radio Furman is a fucking cover machine The first two minutes of this 4th quarter sank my over. Fuckers. Rick Carlisle should be taken out behind the American Airlines Arena and shot for how long he has kept Luka and KP out Those Reeses not sorry commercials have to be some of the worst on television Heat at Rockets tomorrow. Should I drive up to Houston? Lake Jackson, TX 45ish minutes directly south of Houston Remember me?! Unblock me on Twitter, coward! Lost a couple tough ones, but overall 11-5 today in NCAAB. 12-5 if Clemson can close this out. https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1199718185865535490?s=12 lol what the fuck is this I mean its only 45 minutes away but I dont think Im gonna do it I would rather watch Oregon tbh I enjoy a quality solo event Im gonna go see The Irishman solo when I get back I love the fact that Ashley does not like the movies I like Yeah but I would rather see it in a theater Ill probably go back and watch it again on Netflix after the fact Gundy I been following on the socials. I need this recipe Also Ive been corrected a dozen times already for calling it stuffing. Apparently its dressing round these parts. Yeah shes from Lake Jackson Really looking forward to keeping my mouth shut tomorrow when the thanksgiving politics conversation fires up Ashley is the only UT fan in the family. We got some Texas Tech, Baylor, and A&M Just gonna remind them how sick Oregons uniforms are lol I think so Brock Oh well shit That makes too much sense 46-26 is my kinda basketball Ah the classic dual revenge game I am bad at nba teasers Oregon +525 rn Ducks always pull out Myles Powell is a grown ass man The bucket is the size of the Atlantis wade pool rn The fact that a ducks defender hasnt been hugging him since the tip tells me oregon watched zero film Yeah thats dumb If they did their research they would know that isnt gonna work Pritchard closes out like he went to west Linn I cant help but notice Oregon has missed eight free throws Its 60-50 Matt 10 left Oregon is in the bonus. Will it matter? Ducks I know you care more about this than Blazers Blazers game doesnt officially start until ducks win But its 63-50 Zers at half Wait til you land and see what trump did Not at all 72-59 blazers
67-64 seton hall Yeah very dumb Holy shit Up 2 FTs coming 14 sec 5 sec Sorry Please god make these FUCK us CJ Walker YES!!!!! Jesus Christ Up 92-70 Something to be #thankful for lol that was hilarious Oregon won?! Wow! Conference of champions! Absolutely not I will not enable that Man I destroyed two plates of fried turkey and approximately four types of pie Yeah dude. Its a game changer. https://twitter.com/erictrump/status/1200106696108052480?s=12 Awww are we hurting his feelings? Dude much to my surprise there was no politics talk. The topic of conversation centered on movies and podcasts, two things I am well versed in. Yeah Im thankful Oh boy I am feeling extra greedy tonight. Just made some fried turkey sliders, might dabble on some more college hoops https://twitter.com/bubbaprog/status/1200262405969862656?s=12 lmaaaaoooo Im dead So heres the thing about Cole Anthony The more I look at him the more I think he doesnt look anything like Greg In fact, he looks a lot like Brian Grant. And the thing about Brian Grant Is that he was Greg Anthonys teammate around the time Cole was conceived. Think about it. Did you see Cole Anthonys block in the first half? Very Brian Grant-like... Theyre unranked because of Juwan Howard. Never coached a game in his life before getting hired. Simpson vs Pritchard is gonna be so fun to watch Very possible. If Oregon boxed and out and hit free throws we would be undefeated But the improvement overall even from earlier in the month is tremendous We gotta decide who our go to guy is at the end of the game. Dana went a couple different ways and hes probably just feeling it out I hope so I would rather Pritchard create The restaurant or the bottle shop? Bottle shop has cheap growler fills on Mondays its awesome Catch Me If You Can is a top 5 Christmas movie. We would be on the wrong side of the largest ass whooping in CFP history lol I got a couple units on the heat lets go heat! ?Wow Ian congrats on being a NYT Crossword clue Ian what are the heat doing here Jimmy make your free throws! Definitely a push *definitely not a push The spurs are so fucking bad Jimmy Lake is such a douche lmao I wonder if it has to do with his kids health Bro I could not care less He could win finals mvp and I still wouldnt enjoy watching his brand of basketball lol lol thats an individual award Ian it has nothing to do with the blazers totally, but his contributions (or lack thereof) to his previous teams have nothing to do with my dislike for his style of play. The entire reason I dont like Melo is because I do not like watching his style of basketball. so unless he completely changes the way he plays, Ill continue to get a sick feeling when I watch him I thought BS hated Booker Would you guys rather take Seahawks -2.5 at -122 or ML at -145 Thats sorta what Im thinking Oh man its up to -150 now https://twitter.com/knguyen/status/1201681828421259267 https://twitter.com/guyfieri/status/1201622881559556098?s=21 Very intrigued by this Cam v Brock match up this week I sense a Brock surge v soon https://twitter.com/MattPrehm/status/1201708541263794176 Hidey ho neighbor You guys we are #blessed with some amazing college hoops tonight. If that Louisville line can come down a little bit Im hammering the shit out of it. The public is on Michigan! That little girl that quit the race, that was her. I cant believe none of you hypocrites have picked up Melo on your fantasy eam *team Oh my god Melo is so good! Dubov look hes player of the week! Melo is our savior! Jk, I dont want him hes trash. You people make me sick Waaahhhhh you can take the big dog out of the bay but you cant take the bay out of the big dog Steph is hurt its all over for me! Did you think it was cheese made at Bills tailgates? Three charges taken in the last OT Going to finish 13-0 ATS today but 0-1 on the parlay Days where I cant bet on football are good to me Finished up 275 for the day If I parlayed 1U on those games I wouldve won $146,338.19 I mean hes several levels below whoever is running this entire thing Ah looks like theres an 8 game limit So wouldve been closer to 5K Oh I didnt know that sick https://www.fastcompany.com/90438283/maybe-its-time-to-consider-that-peloton-is-trolling-us-all-with-its-advertising?utm_source=Hashtag+Sports&utm_campaign=29a0f6a32d-HSD_July_30_COPY_01&utm_medium=email&utm_term=0_ebc768df89-29a0f6a32d-309860041 Might have to go BKN -3 tonight in honor of Jay-Zs birthday. Blazers are 1-3 ATS on a back to back Miami is 0-2-1 I dont want to bet against the Zers and Ive been enjoying making money on Heat covers so Ill probably leave it alone I do like the bucks, though And probably the nets Lol sorry dude Man some of the lines I bet got steamed up hard Norfolk State getting an extra three points! I dont think thats necessarily true I think books shade the favorite and the over a little extra knowing the public will bet it Nobody (except me) wants to root against points Im curious how books factor in rest and how much that shifts lines Why Rest? Wow congrats on the sex https://twitter.com/mr_jasonjones/status/1202392083484397568 Hammer the Zers!!!! https://twitter.com/nickciarelli/status/1202295358241435648?s=21 Were definitely not gonna win I mean I hope we do but there is absolutely nothing about the ducks offense in the last month that suggests they can score on this Utah defense Who have we beat? And our best win is? USC? If Utah plays that game 9 more times they probably win 7 of them Im not saying all they have to do is show up But one team is playing their best football of the season and one isnt If I was willing to bet against my team I wouldve hammered that -6.5 Stanford Steve said he thinks arroyo is gonna show out because hes in the mix for a HC job to which I say LOL GOOD FUCKING LUCK is the forecast still swampier than my drawers after Sandis enchilada night? 19-4 over the last two days but there isnt a single game I like tonight. Sigh. The ol bait and switch I cant tell if thats a joke cam They shouldve retired 00 a decade ago Retire my iPhone password? Wow cancel your plans this evening boys there is a fucking riveting Nancy Pelosi town hall on CNN https://vm.tiktok.com/x8VNfj/ The ol dick twist lol you guys are morons We dont have to win for it to be a great day to be a duck we arent fair weather fans They gotta make a rule that you cant chest pass it Admiral Scholfield has given up Taco Bell and Twitter to stay fit and focused on being an NBA player and that is how I know for certain I do not want to be an NBA player. BEILEIN IS A FUCKING GOD TRADE EVERYBODY WHO ISNT BUYING IN Man I just met Blake Leeper and that guy is so fucking positive and friendly its unreal lol happy birthday to my large Greek son https://twitter.com/timbersfc/status/1203035167675142144?s=12 oh lord The Timbers one made me audibly gasp lol I think a lot of these social managers are gonna have some interesting conversations with their superiors next week Camilo Cabello is such a smoke show I hope to god shes at Coachella What was the magic number? 60 or 62? brock can you please put it in your O/U site so I can track it I blame Sheriff Joe Speak it into existence Ill be at Melos place in 30 to take him to the airport tell him to be ready lol you really think Melo is gonna change the way he plays? Im saying thats the only way Ill stop hating his game In relation to Cams comment I cant disagree with you on that gundy But the rockets win games and I fucking hate the way they play I cant watch their games Mo Wagners little bro out here splashing threes for Michigan Did you guys listen to Chris Hayes on Lowe Post? Whoa did you guys know that Herbert grew up two miles from Autzen stadium? he didnt need to tackle him at all He was already going down (I saw as I get to watch in slow mo) *say Wow caught a break there I say no Id rather have Nas That play wouldve been sick on the 1 Those guys had never seen snow coming from Miami. - Fowler. I disagree. Wow Kayvon wouldve been so gone if he held that ball This might be a dumb question but if intentional grounding is just a loss of down at the spot of the foul how is that even a penalty Thats the result of the play Oh wow heat came back? About time I have heat -3 figure it out Miami! https://twitter.com/vancityreynolds/status/1203118775815622664 No targeting They didnt even say they were reviewing Really need the heat to close this out Hey fighting dudes is it normal to have a 45lb difference between the fighters? Hell yeah! +6.88U today THATS what Maroney looks like?! looks like you need some cocaine Can I ask the obvious question? Why? Ah fair enough money rules It was filthy OSU was the final piece of my 9 team parlay. ???? $27.50 to win $520.88 (+1894) That was on BetOnline. Im up to $728 on there and up $518 with Landon this week. Merry Christmas. My units are much smaller. Imagine if Ian wagered on my picks! I just watched some lil dickey lookin motherfucker in a tie die tee shirt slam his Tesla into a fiat while parallel parking and i cant stop laughing This dude is high as balls trying to pick up some sizzle pie https://twitter.com/vegasmurray/status/1203729022502326272 I am hammering that shit out of that LSU line the second it becomes available Yeah that one Im unsure Mark did you just want us to know you had a new iPhone? Please protect your device and practice safe text I just have a regular iPhone 11. Ill excuse myself from this conversation. *99% has left the conversation* Oh god the UVA UNC game is 2-3 after 5 minutes ?? Virginias basketball team gave up two touchdowns less than its football team. Excuse me while I go furiously masturbate to pack line defense. Wtf heat?!?! Elsewhere in fantasy news, my undefeated streak will end this week Youre all back in it Yes Extremely poor roster management on my part this week. I should be fired as GM. So I was coaching out at a middle school in Gresham and it turns out that Marcus Harvey is an assistant for a MAC middle school team. My buddy I coach with knows him and went over to say hi. Marcus said hey to me and then he just followed me on IG and liked a photo from last year where Im wearing a Portland gear hat lol You talk to your co-workers? Did you forget your headphones at home or something? NBA careers are going to continue to shorten every year unfortunately Eventually were gonna get about 5-6 years from the best players ?Me just waiting for all my winnings to show up in my bank account Did anybody watch the Silicon Valley finale I thought it was a pretty good ending Wow Ive clawed my way back into 2nd in the NBA O/U This Watson fella has some good picks but I predict the Sixers will drop some games. I really just need the Wolves to go 25-35 down the stretch. Ooooohhhhh baby there are some boomers that are super mad online about the nike swoosh on MLB jerseys lmao Were a third of the way through the fantasy season. Can the Atlanta Cocks find it within themselves to rally Its still anybodys to win! Oh yeah I would definitely take the pistons in that scenario. Is Blake playing Has he been playing? Really need the bucks to kick the shit out of the magic tonight to remind the magic where they belong In the gutter Might hit a little teaser here with the Pistons, Bucks, Clips Yeah I know but if I can tease clips up to 8.5 I still like them ?I mean if this is how theyre gonna position in Im hammering clips The shitty part is were probably gonna promote from within lol Yeah Yeah hes the brains behind the pistol is my understanding I would like know how many times the Miami heat have been mentioned Also how many times the words my son have been used Boosted your ratio Anybody want the big steaming ?? that is Luke Kennard? Fieri Con > My Zenit boys are about to fuck up those Benefica cunts. Wow these second halves are gonna be nuts. Ajax and Dortmund need goals. Zenit needs to hold on to the draw. Hold on to your butts! Absolutely dreadful performance by zenit Damn another shooting in jersey city this time. Sounds like a cop is dead. Bet there will be some extra Ts & Ps. Do you actually buy milk at the grocery store? Like to drink? Kelseys white? I put almond milk on my morning granola. I also have a 401K and think you need to turn down that rap music. No malarkey Yeah I associate milk with Mark in a diaper https://twitter.com/mattbooshell/status/1204251979570135040?s=20 Just peed next to Tinker Hes not as short as I thought Thought he was a tripod Melo O/U 17.5 tonight. Are you Melo stans hammering? Dame O25.5 is attractive Whos coaching the knickerbockers these days Desus? FOH Davis Bertans had 60 fantasy points? Hit it Didnt he draft Blake Or is my timing off Olshey loves his guys I would be so fucking down with Blake Also with Steve Blake if he wanted to make another run at it Well fuck I didnt know that Giannis was out tonight ESPN probably crying that their marquee Zion vs Giannis matchup aint happening https://www.instagram.com/p/B58uD9hpD11/?igshid=15nnuuswnee63 this is depressing Like the photo not the successful surgery part Doris playing an away game Sometimes you gotta reboot him Cam Turn him off, wait 10 seconds, turn him back on again Holy shit the Illini big guy just hammered a ref in the head lol Wow https://twitter.com/IllinoisLoyalty/status/1204972895220318210?s=20 https://twitter.com/worldwidewob/status/1205005307283464193?s=12 He is broken They need to trade Marcus Morris They cant let him waste away like this https://twitter.com/realDonaldTrump/status/1205100602025545730 Lmao ?LOL ?Is this in flight magazine HOF worthy? https://twitter.com/jamiehudsonnbcs/status/1205198713288740864?s=12 Oh oh oh whats my title Specialist? SPECIALIST?! Motherfuck that. Im glad my hotel doesnt have the same toilet policy as that coffee shop Puck you Mark I matter! Manager lives matter. Ive been in Minnesota for four hours and Ashleys sister (first year OBGYN resident) has not stopped talking about cervixes, c-sections, IUDs, etc. The bartender cannot bring these Old Fashioneds fast enough dear lord. I thought my time here was going to be all cheese stuffed burgers and turbo man parades ?Shoutout to this barbershop for diverse hiring practice What are yall doing for NYE? I cant do Rose Bowl unfortunately Yeah before I make any jokes please provide more details Oh shit https://twitter.com/ShamsCharania/status/1205326844704251904 Damn woj foregoing any bedside manner to provide more deets What did he order, Woj? Hes a machine Absolute horseshit foul call on kanter Jesus is Ergodan reffing this game Im at the mercy of TNT Theres no way I make it through this entire blazers game I hope we have it locked by half Rip city on they ass Holy shit the refs just missed a massive foul Kemba just got tackled on an inbound Wow I couldve at least pushed fuck these refs Marv Albert saying that was a geriatric drive about Melo is all I needed. You lost me at if Bazemore can shut down I will admit his fouls have come down but half of these season he has been racking them up He needs to move his fucking feet on defense I legit never thought Michael Porter would play a minute in the NBA and here he is splashing threes on my beloved blazers Mines fucked Id appreciate if they would get a life No Kuz I teased Heat +12 Sounds like everybody is telling the Cavs they gotta toss in a pick ? 1st overall pick Picko primero Yeah I doubt hes decided ?Goddamnit even Minnesotans know were a bunch of bike riding cucks I went to surly for lunch. They make a fucking mean Nashville hot chicken sandwich And a nice 6.9% west coast IPA Im gonna hit Parlour for a burger tonight But Im with you mark. Im not a big juicy Lucy guy https://www.instagram.com/p/B6BzmWggWqn/?igshid=kq2a3tytv6co LeBron pushes bricks now Whats his point total Im taking LBJ o26.5 pts and o6.5 rb talk me out of it MSP is a cool city but there is a serious lack of Lyfts Man Im kinda annoyed I couldve probably gotten free Clips/Wolves tickets through work but Ashley said we would be doing family stuff. Now were done with family stuff and tickets are more than I want to pay. We just left her at home. Unfortunately it would be a phone call to somebody who would have to make a phone call to somebody who would have to make a phone call. If it was the blazers in town I would Or Our Heat Heat Mavs finals rematch for the (JCSL) culture Luka & KP vs Herro & Duncan. The best white duos since Bird & McHale and Stockton & Malone My bet never went through ?? Kendrick trying to reclaim his JCSL Chat title From his teammate Wow the Kings fucking blew my parlay How you gonna lose to the Knicks Ducks are sick Just ran into nick swardson I watched Garrett play in person for 9 years and I can tell you thats nonsense lol That said, how many CBI championships does PP have? Hes a kings fan is all you need to know Im on my Wild tonight for no reason other than I just drove by their arena. Go Wild! Wait Ian did the heat blow a massive lead Are my Mavs gonna beat my heat Yes Han saying This is my Mexico in Tokyo Drift is one of the best movie lines ever And then the next scene he gets those chicks numbers by drifting a circle around them ?Aint no victories in a hat like that He looks like hes going straight back to forrests shrimping boat after the trial is over Hey Ian Im gonna ride that with you Go lakers 2U! I mean Im up for the week so what do I have to lose! https://twitter.com/KirkHerbstreit/status/1206224103650275329 please take a moment this Sunday morning to get the fuck off herbstreits lawn The MSP PGA Lounge is perfect for a Sunday flight home 3-4 depending on the pour Dont the bengals want to lose? Can I get a score update for SEA/CAR and PHI/WAS Thank you. In the air now and the guy who had scores up on his iPad in front of me is now reading breitbart Updates? Is my SEA/CAR over gonna hit? Is PHI gonna cover?! I was worried that missed PAT would put me short of the over Holy shit yesssss lol God bless the cursed Washington football team Whats the score in the Seahawks game I had o48.5 And Phi -6.5 Great day for ol Dubov Anybody want to tell me the scores of the VT vs Gardner Webb and Coppin St vs UMBC basketball games? Wow Ian this did not work out in our favor Ducks up to #8 on the mens side Zags big mover this week up to 2. Bucks -11 vs Mavs 
Bucks/Mavs O228
Heat -4.5 @ Griz
Blazers +1 @ Suns

Where am I wrong? Kinda wanna tease Tor & Chi Its not up yet I place an amazon order for like 5 things last night. Theyre shipping the first item separately. Its a loofa. Theyre literally putting a loofa in a box and on a truck to get to my house. Greta Thunberg is gonna murder me. wtf theres a check box? Why not just make that the default Heaven forbid my loofa doesnt get here soon enough Save your offers we dont want em Man that is so incredibly accurate Spaceman strikes me as more of a K-PAX kinda guy This Suns/Clippers game tonight is intriguing. Suns
Overall: 15-101
After Loss: 9-4-1
Road Dog: 5-2-0
No Rest: 2-2-0

Clips
Overall: 16-12-0
After Loss: 5-2-0
Home Fav: 8-4-0
2-3 Days Rest: 3-1-0 Sorry, that first one is 15-10-1 Phoenix is getting 31% of the sharp money right now Thats all ATS too Spray & Pray Tangentially related - I listened to a Recode Media podcast with the guys who own and operate Maven/bought SI. Theyre a bunch of fucksticks lol They said something in the (very contentious) interview with Peter Kafka that one of their college writer makes $850K And I almost shit myself from laughing so hard It is entirely possible that there is a person out there that writes college basketball content for a Maven owned blog that makes $850K per year, but it isnt from Maven https://soundcloud.com/lane8music/lane-8-winter-2019-mixtape to get you through the rest of your day Damnit Goddamnit Rui is out too? Unfortunately I do not Does Dinwiddie think hes Dame wtf We did not deserve that nets cover Houman I probably have a pass https://twitter.com/BobbyMarks42/status/1207149478253195270 This Temple/Miami is coming down to the wire. Very good. ? ?Im breezing through this test OLCC servers license About to be if I pass this test Only beer/cider, though. My stepdad is opening a taproom in beaverton Nebulous Taproom https://www.nebuloustaproom.com/ Yeah its gonna be sick Once it gets up and running Im gonna invite the liga our to check it out BYOF Its surrounded by good food spots Actually idk the answer to that. Probably not? There will definitely be TVs and Brian met his two co-owners in the Timbers Army so its going to be a hardcore Timbers bar ill let management know Lmao PatBev just said we aint fuckin around in the post game I love betting on the heat I did it The Mavs just beat the shit out of the Bucks on the road Dont talk to me about sample size, Ian! Thats my thing! I demand it. I love it so much. Give me sample size or take your weak ass stats elsewhere. However... Mavs look solid. Im not even getting on that Mavs game Today I clawed back $140 of the $271 I dropped yesterday. The 4 games I lost today were each by a bucket so it couldve been more. so what youre saying is that we should be $1000 on 10 games whats the significance of today Oh gotcha sick go ducks BLATT BLATT BLATT *finger guns* Man you guys are no fun I think you gotta go back further than DAT like the De La Salle kids that came to Oregon were before DAT Apparently youve never seen the hit film When the Game Stands Tall featuring the real JC Jim Caviezel as De La Salle coach and father figure Bob Ladouceur Im pretty sure I gave that guy a dollar yesterday https://vm.tiktok.com/QBdHPa/ Im fucking dead lmao ???? This is the best tiktok Ive ever seen Jesus how bad are the Wolves My baby bulls came back and then brad beal ripped their hearts out Well shit I should read injury reports Lmao ASU is down 51-19 Bobby Hurley can suck my dick Same Mark Dame has 16 In the 1st Wow Warriors have 13 second chance points Im about to drive myself down to the RG and scream BOX OUT from outside the arena until somebody does it Any Verizon customers having data issues today? Everything has been brutally slow Got any hot picks tomorrow? 120-foot yacht catches fire and capsizes in Miami
https://twitter.com/i/events/1207507171782447104 space are you ok? The nets are not a fun team to bet on. They cause major anxiety. Im on a massive cold streak Need to turn this ship around ^read that sentence again All in in Belein! The Hornets are overachievers https://open.spotify.com/playlist/37i9dQZF1DX8D2YR1GbW3K?si=5qpE-XdnQnCF2G2b6qSasg For anybody looking for a trip down memory lane Working for a content machine like ESPN would be my nightmare That editorial calendar has to look insane I just tried one of those new cosmic whatever apples from Washington. It was crap. It was a crapple. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LdOM0x0XDMo&feature=emb_title this is gonna make my brain hurt more than inception ?Smh cmon Apple Thats what I was looking for, actually. But no, it didnt come up. lol wut Potentially How much are tix Also HBD Clayton I dont think I said it earlier Hopefully youre drunk STEAM BURGERS Remember when that game meant something Sorry Ian thats my way of saying the Knicks are complete ass and I miss the late 90s rivalry Harden o/u is 37.5 The public loves the over Im hammering the under. That means you can call him 1) he wouldve said Ill call you later if thats what he meant and 2) Im sure he welcomes any opportunity to get the fuck away from his family But also chad you gotta ask clearer questions that dont leave the door open for confusion Can I call you in two minutes to talk about _____ ? https://twitter.com/DimeUPROXX/status/1207839144032063488 Uh oh. Happy learned to putt. Nets are absolutely gonna blow this game All the time Matt Jimmy Goldsteins jacket is sick https://vm.tiktok.com/QfD1Ng/ man I am pretty high and this is blowing my mind right now. Like where did she go https://vm.tiktok.com/QfYH4v/ the real DK I cashed out my bet online account two weeks ago so unfortunately I will not be able to do my all bowl game parlay https://twitter.com/nbcnews/status/1207801558014005248?s=12 What launched Ah nice Our SB guy gave everybody on our social team a pair of kicks and I got some Supreme Dunks that Im pretty hyped on. ? Its been a long time since I had a pair but I used to LOVE dunks Not gonna lie Im a little annoyed that my agency account director is 8 minutes late to a lunch that he scheduled. Have I become THAT client? Hes also brand new in the role. Damn I didnt know bill Walton was making art these days ? If this game is just gonna be Dwight Powell hucking bricks I cant watch it I did I also hit the Mavs. And Zers. Gotta ride with all three of the Ligas teams. Oh I have the Pellys too https://twitter.com/NBA/status/1208203127561818113 This is extremely NSFW Yeah man I like this heat team Except meyers My pelicans have some work to do in the second half but I have faith ?? Oregon women have shooting shirts that say thanks aunt penny Remember when Puma was gonna take all the young players and jumpman ended up with Luka & Zion? Is KAT playing WHICH IS IT dont fuck with my money IM HAVING A BAD DAY LOST SOME HEARTBREAKERS For which sport Cause basketball pushed Oh well you can blame Stanford Steve for that Is dame going O26.5? Oh Jesus Christ Anthony tolliver is starting? There goes my $100 I went on a roller coaster ride today Ending down $125 is a blessing If I bet all Brock picks and even one is a winner I will feel justified Jags
Panthers
Steelers
Skins
Boys
ATS? Yeah no Luka, Siakam, Gasol, Powell. Definitely a stay away. Im not betting JV games. Thats also 100% a lie. If I could get likes on JV high school basketball games I would absolutely bet them. Hornets +13? Did mark already hammer? Me too. Man I was so drunk when I repeated brocks picks back to you last night. I forgot to bet them! I drank so much bourbon last night. I love the holidays Hornets are 6-1 ATS with no days off Its a lock Its sold out on .com I think the duck store still has some Brock. I have some concerns about these picks. Damn Bunky you treating those dates real nice Top charges taken on Lakers are Lebron and Caruso. Its so awesome seeing a superstar lead his team by example. And lebron is doing a good job too. https://twitter.com/roper_93/status/1208899385708466181 Am I about to hammer the heat and zers? I gotta dig out of a big hole from last week. https://twitter.com/So_Money_Sports/status/1209161394974674956 Gartners rules Ducks are #6 Love to hear it Spirit of 77 usually clears out a bit after tip I like Pour Sports Joes cellar is the best bar in Portland If you like chicken strips CJ o2.5 3PM? Wow. Rudy Gobert absolutely fucked me down the stretch. Heat shouldve covered Im big mad about that one He also had two put backs on missed 3s in the last minute That part is on Miami obvi But that last bucket goddamn Ok Im over it. Blazers time. Right side, wrong result. Wow the Nugs are folding like a cheap card table The blazers are not gonna cover this game. I got a bad feeling. I got +130 I know exactly what that is. That person knew they were gonna die on that sun country flight and didnt want to die alone Am I gonna bet every under in week 17? Im gonna hit a Christmas parlay as well but idk if its gonna be all favorites I think so Chad Im literally watching Christmas vacation right now My Rainbows Clippers Merry Christmas, Bros. Hope you all got that Peloton you wanted. Clippers I did all 5 games Yeah thats what I did And it is a toss up but I gotta ride with giannis Can I make a prop bet on if Enes Kanter will make it back to the United States? 7-0 raptors! The parlay is fucked! Celtics live ML is still -145 Any player props we like today? Im intrigued by:

J. Holiday o5.5 ast
LeBron o7.5 reb
B. Simmons o7.5 reb Unsure how I feel about Harden o37.5 pts Hes also got ast o/u 9.5 but I dont like that as much Thats kinda what Im thinking Gundy I took Jokic o19.5 because I hate myself https://youtu.be/u4yCFPKrqDE lmao this is so good Ian acting like this game is over Need 3 more boards from Simmons. Dont be a bitch, Ben! Ben Simmons bitch ass only got to 7 lol fuck that Houman Well Im gonna lose to Brock this week so fuck it. Burn it all down. Spend that cash Hoomie. it me ? (Tied) https://twitter.com/hohighlights/status/1209958112393940992?s=12 https://www.instagram.com/p/B6gx8OqlVlZ/?igshid=1uouqqwgzhfod this dude looks like turner lol Does Harden even have a FGA this quarter?!?!?! The only thing in this world I can count on is that I cant count on james harden James Harden is a bum!!!! Send him to the G League! I lost $100 on that stupid rockets game. Fuck them. Cant wait to hear Bill Simmons dumb take on this Emergency pod in two minutes probably Why the fuck is LeBron on the bench FIRE FRANK VOGEL That possession was 15 seconds of Danny green holding the ball trying to tell LeBron what to do Lmao AD landing on Kevin Hart Nightmare fuel I hate replay in sports in general Watched it live. Its off pat. Move on. Either have human refs or dont. my least favorite thing in sports is replay. My second least favorite thing in sports is LeBron hash tagging phrases The three I was confident in lost and my two toss ups won. I hate gambling. The coke bottle is a nice touch lol Any of my basketball boys going to the LSI this week? Renter I would be down for the evening session either tonight or tomorrow. I wanna see Mater Dei and Bishop Gorman lol wow I was so confused for like 20 seconds and then I reread my text Tomorrow sounds good I thought about that one Gundy. I just cant bring myself to bet on the Knicks because, well - theyre the Knicks. Im on the over in the Mavs/Spurs game And OKC -3 1H vs the Griz ATS? If Im not working on Saturday Ill come watch some sports with you guys Do I want to see Uncut Gems tonight or watch the Blazers? https://twitter.com/nprmusic/status/1210334762600222722 @gundy Hey space. Happy birthday. Hope its out of this world. https://twitter.com/ringer/status/1210367966258221056 I will beat bobans ass for bullying my son https://twitter.com/CHold/status/1210383333147828225 Bet the farm This Mavs game has been so sloppy. The over never had a chance. https://twitter.com/birbigs/status/1210380905350606855 https://twitter.com/pdxbrocialite/status/1210405543388405760 This is a very bad take Ashley just texted me and said the jazz jerseys are amazing lol Wait Jordan Clarkson is on the Jazz now? My under is back in business! https://twitter.com/CHold/status/1210402746223869953 Wow end of this EMU game is nuts Their QB just punched a Pitt player and slapped a ref lol Im seeing it in 42 minutes Is the king the one on Netflix? Im intrigued Bad news guys. This gummy is gonna kick in before they seat us in the theater. Ill sit near the exit I get the 1:1 Serra in house brand This particular one is the matcha coconut flavor, a collab with Tea Bar. Because Im a portland bitch. Wow these two schmucks just left the previous showing and stopped at concessions to get a slice of za for the road and are discussing plot points! Move on, losers! Dont ruin this cinematic journey for me https://twitter.com/ESPNNBA/status/1210430272455483393 Where he learn that one? ?? Shit. How about a 10-0 run in the last 8 minutes for the blazers. Hoooooooly shit uncut gems is really something Shit. Wish I knew that last night. Not gonna ride your Hornets Mark? Thunder looked like dogshit last night vs Memphis Yeah they are. And idk about philly https://www.foxnews.com/entertainment/uncut-gems-julia-fox-dominatrix-high-school Its in the trailer! lol I honestly still cant believe Howard double teamed KGs girlfriend with Mike Francesa Had nothing to do with the plot but glad they kept it on Francesas dick has its own SAG card Shit! Why did that Hornets/Thunder line drop 3 points Separate from the other group chat we already have to talk shit about you guys Jesus Christ, Temple. What the hell? The new Bachelor is named Peter Weber which I learned is not Pete Weber from the PBA Nah The under is alive! Holy shit what is sparty gonna do here I cant believe the under hit https://twitter.com/NBA/status/1210738062440849408 Do we think Philly is gonna lose back to back games? Damn there are 14 nba games tomorrow Who else is trying to hit a 14 team parlay? Gundy? Im looking at you All of my money on LSU to whoop Oklahomas ass And then OSU ML I cant tell the difference in the uniforms in this Memphis vs New Orleans game LSU OCs daughter in law died in a plane crash this morning Yeah like a small plane Hes still coaching I guess? Depends how close they are? Like if its my sons wife, I probably dont coach. If its my sons wifes sister is that still a daughter in law? Or nah? I dont mean to make light of the situation, Im just curious They asked coach O if the guy is coaching and he said no doubt True Fuck you chad I responded! Ill be there The raptors are doing that thing again where they get out to a lead on the Celtics and inevitably blow it. Its so cute. Is this a Bros only situation? Ok sick Ashley is gonna come Where my boys at What a complete clusterfuck of a last two minutes. That was gross. Take the safety! Please god take the safety What a fucking asshole Seahawks really fucked themselves I hammered Zers at -4, nets at 2.5, and bucks at -6.5 But avoiding the Liga squad Miami Heat Giannis is playing Portland boys what are you doing for NYE Yes Cam its freaky I think Im gonna have a few people over for NYE at my place if any of you Portlanders want to join Probably drink until its 2020 and then go pump some cheddar into a slot machine at a dive bar BKN is gonna blow this cover. I have them -2.5 and I feel terrible about it Ive got 4U on the Zers and this symphony is about to start. Im gonna miss it. Intermission! How we doing? Appears BKN did in fact blow it Just got out what the fuck happened?! They dropped them! Except one got stuck and stayed up there alone. I will call him Meyers. Sounds like smelo owes me $100 Right. That makes this the 50th season. But its been 50 seasons... Im so confused Isnt that what were celebrating? 50 seasons? lol Fair Im so pissed. The swings in gambling are brutal. Went from most likely ending the day up almost 1U (fuck you Florid) to down 7. All because of the blazers They took Sixers/Pacers off the board Im staying away from that one. lol did Ashley talk you into it ? I hate when they say shit like Its the 86th Tony the Tiger Sun Bowl Its the first Tony the tiger sun bowl. SHIT. That was almost 6! Wow wish that he was at least listed as probable or questionable when I made the bet. He wasnt on the injury list at all. Wow fuck kentucky That scoop and score was selfish I hope that kid loses his scholarship Pick 6! Murph you beautiful bastsrd Texas +7.5 and the o55 Im gonna hit the Mavs live if they start slow. I dont like giving the thunder points at home right now Wow missed the 1H Mavs cover by .5 FUCK LFG CHAD HOOK EM Ian let me know when those bucks lines are up I need to win some money back Are the blazers gonna cover tomorrow? Melo revenge game? https://twitter.com/bleacherreport/status/1212237012641681409?s=12 happy New Years Liga Sorrey you had to spend New Years in Canada Wait Mac Jones is white? Fowler & Herbie Wow turner is blacked out lol We want the ball? Oh yeah I had terrible service last night too I feel you We should just keep running that Herbert TD play it seems to be working LFG Fucking awesome play calling You gotta throw that away man Im leaning UGA The fuck are the blazers doing Mitchell Robinson is 11/11 Fuck me Like real bad Down 12 to the Knicks somebody needs to get fired Bench points 49-5 Kill me Down 18 now. What the actual fuck Were worse than the Knicks Melo trailer 3s Not what I want to see We really gonna do this roaring 20s thing for the next decade? Its been a day and Im over it Is it time to fade my favorite team the rest of the season? Im taking my family to the game on the 26th vs the pacers. Cant wait to get steamrolled. In positive news, Zion should play this month Everything Ive read says later this month But obviously a minutes restriction Goddamnit Devin booker you fuck Blew my u6.5 ast with a meaningless alley ooo to Ayton I think the Ducks are still available at +1 or +1.5 in some places tonight Hammer that Jesus christ Just fueling my fire, Gundy. I still think fans should get 0% of the vote. Because fans are dumb. Man thats been in my queue for a while. I love Giovanni Ribisi I should get on that. Im almost done with For All Mankind. I like it. Lol I didnt know he was a scientologist. of course he is. I agree with you from the standpoint that it doesnt matter at all and fuck it give the fans what they think they want But these guys get financial incentives for being an all-star And if youre truly one of the best 20 or whatever players in the first half of the season, you should get that money Great point, Chad. Is Alex Caruso a HOFer? I think a guard that doesnt get an All Star bonus because that spot went to Alex fucking Caruso would disagree lol They tied their contract to performance bonuses. The nba tied it to fan voting. https://twitter.com/Coach_Leach/status/1212825828867936261 Man mark you and I have just been on opposite sides this week I have been too... where is our money going Actually youre betting ML. We can both win! If I had just avoided the Blazers and Auburn games I wouldve been fine! I need to stop live betting games. I was like no way the blazers lose to the knicks And guess what. Yes way they lose tot he Knicks. Do we think Luka is going for 33 tonight? Heat -1.5 @ ORL tomorrow I kinda like Utah -1 1H tonight Watching these two UA schools punt the ball to each other is bad television Cam on a scale of 1 to buy my flight right now how sick is Banff? I wish NBA on TNT was on tonight I miss the fellas The IU coaching staff doesnt seem to underhand that the Vols are going to bring pressure on every passing down lol Yeah and Peyton Ramsey is doing everything he can to get his TE killed Absolutely horrendous clock management by IU my god Alright all these NCAAM experts need to fucking cool it with the Dayton might be a final four team nonsense. Its not a hot take its just a dumb one. We are high in the Rockies is a wild understatement from Bill Bills New Years resolution was to change absolutely nothing Not sure I saw a foul there... Wow Gundy Freddie Gibs & Madlib are at Coachella These fans walking up and down the sideline are driving me crazy I fucking LOVE Pritchard chiming at them lol Soft ass technical but Ill take it What the fuck ESPN 3/18 from 3P aint gonna do it The good news is that a January loss at Colorado isnt going to hurt the Ducks https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1212924762827046918?s=12 MSNBC and CNN are covering it. On FOX right now Tucker Carlson is interviewing some old white bitch about how police arent enforcing minor crimes against blacks people Not just an Iranian general. Like THE top commander of the armed forces The Dems are tripping over themselves to make sure everybody knows this guy was a monster BUT trump shouldnt have done that ?Meanwhile on FOX lmao this is amazing Tucker Carlson is saying this is all a shiny object to distract from the fact that millions of dollars of drugs are coming across the Mexican border every day ROTC is trending on twitter and its 100% jokes Most lopsided bet in playoff history How has it only moved half a point? Ah gotcha Action Network app says it opened at -1 SEA and is currently at -1.5 SEA And I got it at -1 when the lines came out Wow thats very different Its still -1.5 on the site I use But the NO/MIN over moved 3.5 points since I got it at 46! Heat by 1000 No Beal tonight. Maybe we only lose by 5? Rui is hurt Yeah it was a real kick in the nuts to my fantasy team Is the ref gonna be fined for said flop? Hezonja, Tolliver, Bazemore, Trent, McCollum. Thats a WCF lineup imo. Who the fuck is this mr garrison guy And why is he 4/4 3pt A very specific set of skills, huh? That makes more sense now I dont say this often... but I think James Harden has a case. He got dogged on a call. If you guys ever see me bet on a Sixers game you should bet the opposite James Harden looks like if you fuck with the create a player options in 2K. That beard/headband/cornrows option is not a good look. Ohio State fucked my parlay Wisconsin is a good team But yeah Oregons loss still isnt as bad On the road LeBron o26.5? Does Lonzo make 3s? lol ok so dont bet u1.5 3pm Harden just threw a gorgeous full court outlet to Russ for a dunk. I hate that I liked that. Lmao russ just had a turnover, missed dunk, missed layup They just said they expect Embiid to play 70 games this year ?? Hornets +12 at Mavs tomorrow AD is so fucking good LA is executing every aspect of the game right now Danny Green is unconscious Yeah If anybody wants to watch sports today beaverton 7a is playing at David Douglas high school:

12:15 vs Sherwood
2:25 vs Aloha Im down to meet up with you guys after 4:30 if youre still watching #sports somewhere And mark you absolutely should LETS GO TEXANS GOD BLESS AMERICA What like next year? I tailed Parlay Patz yesterday and today and lost both. He takes the losers off action network lol Just took a couple brutal beats Just some bad late game situations in NCAAB. That might be the funniest thing Ive seen in a while lol Gundy Im sorry bro thats a brutal way to lose Hes short! Bring out that FG kicker! Dont be an idiot BILL WHAT THE FUCK BILL My bet be damned, I hope the bills win this game so bill o Brien is publicly shamed With no timeouts What the hell kind of tackling is that Its third and long dipshit! Yall going anywhere to watch the second game? Chad was it a 5 yard pass and 24 YAC? Do you think Deshaun wouldve competed for the QB1 job at Beaverton or would he be guaranteed backup? Run the ball three times Missed FG way more likely than a fumble imo JESUS CHRIST FIRE BILL O BRIEN RIGHT THIS SECOND DRIVE BILL O BRIEN TO THE AIRPORT RIGHT NOW AND LEAVE HIM ON THE TARMAC IN HIS HOMETOWN yeah no shit thats why I said in his hometown. Make a statement. Make him sit and stay like the dog he is Im not here for political references unless were talking assassinating bill o Brien Gundy Im gonna roll through Gundy from where youre sitting can you tell if the slots are hot? ??the slots are hot?? *quadruple ?hopefully global warming accelerates between now and 2024 https://twitter.com/AndrewGreif/status/1213881542633590784 Geaux Saints by 7
Go over 
Go Thielen
Go Thomas Kiko have booboo lol what was that side judge looking at my god ?Hey Cam do you love your Scots? Hes a man And they have the same % chance at being president We just beat a team with a kid named Nunn. Bad omen for Nunns everywhere! Oh bummer the fifth best player on either team wont be playing Thats total bullshit He definitely watches because he likes it Wolves hit and wolves 3Q O hit too My god salma hayeks yams are massive I wanna get lost in those caramel clouds Bill Hader is dating summer from the OC what the hell Goddamnit lakers ?Great stretch to end the quarter for the lake show If all the celebrities are at the golden globes who is at the lakers game Nice little +13u day yesterday All that to break even for the week! Hobby? Its a second job. Sometimes I feel like Im getting robbed by my current employer Hey man, that 2 trillion dollars in shiny new military equipment doesnt pay for itself wait you dont itemize and report your wins and losses? https://twitter.com/theangryameric1 Follow this guy and start throwing some coin at 3Q nba over/unders lol Vlade is a lakers double agent Im on the jazz And on WVU tonight. I bought back in at pick em. Cousin Greg was sitting with the Chernobyl people at the golden globes lol Not great, not terrible is what I aim for on my annual performance review ?Just gotta ask politely! Wow I held on to first place by 5 points this week https://twitter.com/anitakumar01/status/1214398302336278528 Did he offer to nuke them? Yikes Weird flex, but ok Maybe these teams should try hiring somebody who hasnt been fired by another team ??????? One mans trash is another mans... well, trash. Its still trash. The Dragons are such a blatant ripoff of the Portland Forest Dragons https://news.nike.com/news/liverpool-nike-partnership officially official Man that is all around just a dumb moment ABC13 Houston wouldnt even bother tweeting about that trade if it was any other Dash player Hey if any of you have a sapphire reserve card you can now get 2 years free of DASH Pass I refuse to pay for food delivery but Ill do anything if its FREE Haha thats what reminded me Chad Do better, Ian. https://twitter.com/andrew_chung_/status/1214533762781995008?s=12 Donna seems like a wonderful person That retainer must be massive lol Yeah but you also dont each get to take the test 150 times Does that mean you cant pool money to buy powerball tickets? Im honestly asking. Can you pool money on lottery tickets? If yes, how is this any different? Hey Gallo missing a FT last night fucked me. Fuck Gallo! Bonnaroo lineup is strong Im on the Knicks God I just threw up in my mouth I have no idea Im not very plugged into Bonnaroo. I think Gundy and Space went once? https://twitter.com/ZekeJMiller/status/1214690431239380992 siiiiiiiick https://twitter.com/drsaeedjalili/status/1214696505682079745?s=21 what a fucking epic troll job lol Oh hell yeah this is my favorite tjme of year Fire Olshey! I think UVA just blew up my parlay on a horrendous late game play call Sorta. I actually really liked that parlay but I added UNI. My goodness same *dame From the next province Melo just said he hit it out of bounds ? Wow That was such a backwards play. CJ stood in the corner jab stepping like MELO and MELO pulled up for a big shot like CJ. What did I just see What if none of those boxes apply? Wheres the box for I dont like watching his style of basketball Thats not the same thing Not even close I also dont think I was disrespecting him I just dont want to watch him play ball Nobody had a problem with this opinion when he played for Houston or OKC ??????? Is RJ Barrett gonna have more than 13.5 points tonight CP3 is having a nice season https://vm.tiktok.com/XM6K9Y/ You think there was a back room deal between trump and anybody? Hoomie over here acting like this was Presti and Morey Is that a threat, Houman?! Who is the moderator of this chat? I feel unsafe! https://twitter.com/DickieV/status/1214741955864862721?s=20 is this the best tweet ever? I love Titus lol I hammered LSU for 4U the second the line came out and I havent looked back 40? Jesus Christ Lol Rengel you idiot thats not Steve Harvey Steve Harvey is the dude that started Portland gear Somebody put down $200K on LSU Hold that tigahhhh $110K (limit) on -5.5 and another $90K on -6. Brady Hoke is back! SDSU head coach lol https://twitter.com/SheaSerrano/status/1215035086023708672 I see you Rengel Are you betting everything you have on the Celtics tonight now Gundy? And the tip You dont know that Chad Have you ever seen Andres ass? My goodness Im keeping it light tonight Only putting in 9 picks and a parlay https://myaction.app/AlexDubov ? The KU pick makes me super uncomfortable, though. Probably gonna lose that parlay. I have a 4pm meeting which is when most of these tip off. Hopefully I have some good news when the meeting ends. Wow my Wiz vs marks Magic Lets rumble *scans Wizards roster*
Gary Payton II is gonna make you wish you never bet on basketball! Looks like we all like the Mavs tonight! fire it up! Consensus pick! WHAT Oh shit I thought you meant points We were ready to pounce To be clear - I love my son and I think hes absolutely capable of scoring infinite points But, like... 48.5 is a big number. Really sick that Kemba missed three games for me and then got ejected in his first game back ?? They were the 1 part of my parlay I felt great about too Faaahhkkin Celtics And Kansas who I was nervous about is up 20 Who can fuck off https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1215119622367850496 Uhhhh Idk but maybe fade the Cavs? Im a Mannion hater so this is driving me nuts The entire team needs to box out NFaly! The Mali Monster! I love tigers! Rawwwwrrrrr! I love bill I bet grandma loved the closet sexting scene oh please. She used to do the same thing with a telegraph back in the day Peanutbutter does not expire. Giving up offensive boards on free throws is fucking inexcusable several of ours were bad put back attempts it feels like I fucking hate the 3 man weave at the top of the key Its nothing but a waste of time Yeah theres been a lid on the bucket Pritchards first FT attempt tonight motherfuck. You cant go 38 and a half minutes without a FT attempt. It was a lot of dribbling up top and not a lot of penetration Now, admittedly AZ is more athletic than any team weve played besides maybe Memphis When he gets into the paint good things happen for Oregon I wanna shove nico Mannions head in a toilet Why not use the timeout on the board Or on the collect Out of context Gundy Were talking about basketball here BIG FELLA ON THE FLOOR! LETS GO! Lol Matt where did you find that Im gonna pass out Get a fucking rebound LETS GOOOOOO EAT MY DICK YOU GINGER HEADED FUCK Wow. Huskies give up a 14-1 run to end the game and blow the cover. Wayne tinkle has some mean ass sweat going on https://twitter.com/mikesbloggity/status/1215468184611934208 Lets check in in Canada Hey me too Except for when I eat meat And cheese I like vegan chili Its chili Without meat Same thing You can put some of that vegan cheese on top if youre so inclined I would advise against it Man maybe Ill make some chili this weekend. I got a package of beyond ground I need to cook Gundy hit your boy with that recipe But what if Baltimore or Kansas City win by less than three? But what if they dont Allegedly Have you actually seen Jimmy fuck said pornstar? Like on film? whatabout SU? ? Did the hornets really put up 13 in a quarter? Motherfuckers. Have I mentioned how much I hate the fucking hornets Hey fuck the hornets Bum ass bums YOU SHUT YOUR MOUTH WHEN YOURE TALKING TO MY SON LIKE THAT I feel like Kurtwood Smith in Dead Poets Society ?? Rondo, Caruso, Dudley, KCP, Green. What a gross lineup. https://twitter.com/rodger/status/1216121861270134784?s=12 Man this lakers score is wild What do I have to bet in this boxing match tonight Either of these guys big knockout guys? Brock whats up with this parlay lock Are we sure that Duarte is good? The more I watch the less I like James looking like Chris Delia looking like Marshall Mathers hike lol BOB happened I havent watched any of this game Just accept it, Clay. Im making an educated guess Heat fucked my parlay Ian please Venmo me $25 on behalf of your club ? Looked like a first down to me You cant see the ball or his elbow from that angle lol Im kidding man I dont care either way Pelicans PK @ Detroit feels like free money LSU by a billion Gonna be the most lopsided natty in history Joker was ?? lol Houman why did you give him an extra point its sitting at 5 rn Bovada is a bunch of scammers I wouldnt trust them with anything And Brock if you think Im gonna pass on an opportunity to make fun of Houman youre nuts Win what? the natty? Lol cmon rengel. Thats rich. Ive had my bets down for two weeks lol no I bought it when it opened at 5.5 But the difference between 4.5 and 5.5 means nothing to me in this game I love the under I might go 1q over and game under Im using the eye test rengel And Im dancing with the girl that brought me No reason to jump off the LSU money train now choo choo hold that tigahhh I love tigers rawwwwrrrrrr Well my friend played tennis at LSU and will be at the game tonight so Im betting on my LSU TIGAHS Thats my tennis bet I kinda wanna double down on the Sixers tonight after they got fucking run out the gym last time I bet on them at Indy. Thunder is - But Im also thinking Pellys are without a few key pieces tonight Jrue is doubtful. Favors and Redick questionable. I got thunder -3 also I need to stay away from that pacers game. Im gonna do something stupid. Praise the heavens Yeah Im staying away from this game Clem HT / LSU FT is +400. LSU HT / Clem FT is +500 Clem HT / Clem FT +200 Clemson 1st SC +120 is a dickless mike vrabel a HOFer? Vince has no idea who that guy is lol Im hammering that live under once somebody scores in the first 5 Is he filming DDD?! 64 ?Pretty sure this is Skalsky Man thats fucking lame Always more room on the coach o jumbo gumbo bandwagon Lmao that was terrible https://twitter.com/lsufootball/status/1216976750007214080?s=12 Arent those guys all leaving anyway? I teased SDSU, Kansas, Dayton, and the Mavs ? FUCKMAN KUCKMAZ Man Im an idiot I thought this duke came was in Durham. Definitely on the wrong side of this one Holy shit Amy klobuchar is still in the race? Gundy Im takin you to the cleaners right now why didnt you start Harden You know theres a button that will do it automatically for you ? Gundy you left 112 points on the bench tonight fam Sup mark I won a tennis bet overnight Man I just killed that VP presentation like it was an Iranian major general Who is that Oh cool Hes at Coachella this year Is he somebody I should be listening to Oh man I dig bangers The only thing the blazers are gonna beat is their meat Ian whats the take on the heat tonight vs the spurs LFG youre all in big, big trouble https://open.spotify.com/track/1c6C2wg7PRbPBRRUaEvheC?si=Lwgt3qadSEaU8tuCRnubXA there is absolutely no way Im missing this at Coachella I think it condones anything the youths love Gundy how you gonna leave Siakam on the bench, man. https://twitter.com/sportscenter/status/1217584863508934656?s=21 wow fucking narc Man what the hell pacers I cant believe they gave me Heat -1.5 live at the start of the 4th. Fools! Im down I get back to Portland in the early afternoon Wow I thought you guys were La Ligas Thats a cop, bruh. Man if theres one things cops dont like, its not having control of a situation. https://twitter.com/marwilliamson/status/1217635798276825089?s=21 stay woke yall See beyond this terrestrial plane we co-exist on Yeah man #TeamCop #BlueLivesMatter #LockHimUp The man deserves prison time! Justice for the victim! Jesus Christ theres a blizzard hitting Northern California right now. Guess whos driving from Reno to Truckee tonight Over the fucking DONNER PASS dear lord Im gonna die tonight Four bodies, in fact. Oh ok Ill keep that in mind thanks mark ?? I might just grab a room at the best western in the biggest little city in the world and hit that sports book Yeah right. Portland is getting that #1 pick ?This schedule fucks I put in for season tickets a little while back Since I cant go to the OSU game And will just sell those Halloween in Tucson will be sick. just need to get a fake ID that says Im 21. Im planning on it Packers Fool https://twitter.com/PhilHecken/status/1217998230493057026 Are the women winning Im in the air Wow What was bucks final Goddamnit Man heated toilet seats really hit different I dont want to get up. I might just spend all day right here. Theres two feet of fresh pow on the ground We rented a truck in Reno. They gave us a Dodge Ram Rebel and boy let me tell you that thing loves snow https://twitter.com/MikeBloomberg/status/1218241318666850305 This will resonate with the poors. Am I a bar person if i take Lukas over tonight? Its 30.5. I dont really like any nba bet tonight RT if youre mad at yourself for not taking Luka and Dame over Jesus Christ can we just let these guys play basketball My son Hes special The blazers now have two of my three least favorite players in the league At least tolliver is gone He was never good And I will boo him endlessly for that bullshit he pulled on Rudy Heat at PK tmrw. Should I? I lost 10 units today but now Im tripping on acid so the day isnt a total loss So far what Ive gathered from this show is that hes a 9/11 hero who just got diagnosed with lung cancer and his gay son overdosed because he proposed to his black boyfriend and he said no Theres a lot going on Unclear, Mark. Literally what I was thinking Classic chad inviting people over for a watch party without a tv https://twitter.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1219348788973838336?s=12 trump has done more for black people than Martin ever did dont @ me Memphis down 19 on MLK day smh Gunned down in their prime 