So sad Nice dick Fuck Jimmy Butler Anthony Davis would eat a guys ass to be on the sixers right now Hes also a number 3 guy on a playoff championship caliber team not a number 2 IMO Woah I hate Kawhi but that was low key savage Oh damn I misread I guess if that was true that would be a front page sports headline I wish more athletes were like that though Besides jalen Ramsey He reminds me of Brian Regan in a way. I love the gritty carlin/ck types but its impressive when you can be hilarious without being explicit or edgy. Edgy not gritty* that was poor word choice He has a great podcast too low key Does mike Birbiglia classify in that scene? Great cinema film Hes awesome Is that an engagement brunch or an RNC fundraiser? They remind me to never buy a Chevy ever Zuckerberg is the devil is so 2016 news If Facebook tells us anything its that trump is getting re-elected Well he just unretired Removed a heart from https://twitter.com/clickhole/status/1083060877757169664?s=21 Go Kards T O M M Y Also all those queers back in 2012 who said Peyton was better than Brady you know who you are! Pats -3 gunz? Happy Stay Woke Day Im in space Sage is a heat fan. They have a very immature bandwagon fan base. Guys we had SigEp version of FYRE remember? It was the ninja rave The 5th of what? Perfect Im def. in now So we already agree even if he doesnt resign. Trade CJ and two firsts and whatever expiring we have for AD? Yeah PG13 really shouldve taught a,all market GMs a lesson You swing for the fences I mean the pelicans did the same with boogie Anyone see the stop sign in Portland that says WEARING CANADA GOOSE? Who cares! The economy is boomin baby! Jobs! Who is olsheys boss right now? Oh great So looks like we have olshey for another 5 years This reminds me of the cards with bidwell and kiem like the owner thinking theres all these problems with the team (that are essentially the GMs fault) and they wont cut bait just because of a homerun and base hit here and there from years ago Yes and then nothing happens Chad! So pumped! Lets get CJs value as high as we can then not make a move and lose first round of the playoffs Fool me once shame on me... ?? ? *Clay Sunday night* Dame, AD and Mitchell would be absurd Are Kyrie and KD going to the knicks now? Or is BS fucking high Thats what I thought Needed credible NBA reality check I mean its a cap play right? Could we not have traded for Kristaps? Not enough expirings? We have a ton of trash players to help the, tank Fuck I hate the blazers We wasted a couldve been HOFer career Yep Doesnt mean shit tho Poor guy This isnt fucking rocket science. I get Russell is different than dame. But this small market excuse stuff is bullshit. Jazz and OKC are sitting just fine IMO. Idk how he doesnt put his balls on the table and say fire the GM, change what were doing or Im gone hes too nice and loyal of a guy Anyone down to come to the mouth for Super Bowl? Wife and kid are gone for a week. or alternatively whats PDX bros plan this weekend? 9 Inches As you can see I only respond to Jimmy Chatalytics Guys The heat Are Pretty fucking Good Fuck Blazer fans Im drunk ?? ? Patriots haters are obnoxious Its like hating the 90s bulls just enjoy the greatness and tell your grandkids about it I wanna be Billy McFarland when I grow up Lol Im sober #dadlyfe Lol remember when we used to call things gay? Good ol days Its purple Cause ESPN is dead Its 2019 bro Why are you watching that trash anyway Head to NFL Network SoWa probs Juicy parlay alert. How many times will broadcast mention Sean mcvays age and how many players will have a passing attempt Also gladys omitting a word from the anthem is +300 +1400 clock time after first score remaining is 11:30-11:59 Purple Gatorade is +1200 Also mvp mentioning family member first in speech is +400 and you know brady is talking about Giselle first Will Adam Levine be wearing a hat at the start of halftime show? What how do you get that? I got $465 in prop bets Oh Im from Oregon so I dont have bitcoin I wonder how much bitcoin billy McFarland has I know bastards Yeah but what do you do with bitcoin once you have it? Oh shit. Ive never seen a coin base ad on Farmersonly.com so I didnt know that existed Cornhub.com ^^^ early jerk pff session ? Rodney Hood ?? Neil needs a contract extension ASAP Lol yes mark CJ, Hood, and 2 future firsts for AD? Cavs have 7 2nd round draft picks Actually 9 now including theres Ill trade every 2nd round pick thru 2050 Theres only 1 manu ginobli every 30 years For every Jokic and Milsap theres about 40 Rick brunsons Come on gunz its just classicnat this point Rodney Hood is better than all those guys so.... Yeah fuck Neil but at least hes picking up the damn phone Is he somehow deals Meyers he will be redeemed Also Houman were not all doctors I definitely keep the .15c Houman Hannity. My boi Why cant we euthanize all the homeless people? How about universal firing squads Ive never felt so educated on super bowl Sunday Wow Yes Dubov I won $19 Going straight to pay my farmersonly.com subscription Rams d came to play thought They went at Bradys knees Its wasnt on Robby Roby* +1200 on purple Too juicy to pass up No its was +5000 though So if you did youre a god Okay so the bud light commercials were actually good until they went game of thrones ? Yes But that dragon one was whack ? Your welcome mother fuckers Your welcome So even more of a reason to thank a farmer space! Wow thats bullshit he was out of bounds Best commercial so far In my woke opinion Adam Levine alphas never looked so white has* Which ones did Wieden do? They have 3 right! ?* ? ?Chances of this landing? Unlikely God fuck the media give them some space Guns control your people! What color was the Gatorade? Fuck i just saw I bet purple Bastards dylan@farmersonly.com This is disgusting Im gonna throw up Can someone send the blazer game pic? Yay! Posting that, beautiful brothers! ? fuck starbucks all the Somalian terrorists in Minnesota threatening the fabric of our great american society would be my guess Nice! ?Houman tell your cousin I dont use bitcoin 1 in 3 Americans are cool with blackface lol Why do you have Spring space? Sprint* Oh word Can you hear me now? Departure https://www.instagram.com/p/Btw75Fyla9Q/?utm_source=ig_share_sheet&igshid=178imodxzcmgo #perspective New Orleans is a football town period Move that team to Seattle Oh wow chad fire take How about 2 expansion teams 1 is Vegas and 1 in Seattle 31 He was drafted at like 12 Fuck Akashi Kawhi * Weird ass autocorrect Ill get you $100 Classic libs Taylor rooks is my bae Jimmy buffet? Bae Top comment: in jail they smoke crack thru chicken bones Spit hot fya Well hes been training with the Iowa Sparrows for quite some time but I beat josh huff with chad playing 3 on 3 so thats a toss up really. Jim Boheim killed a guy? Lol Lol classic Nothing like a dead wife rebound rub n tug to heal your wounds We cant count out the heat tho I mean they did best the blazers on their home courts Im just looking at facts guys yeah thank god we kept CJ and didnt go for him B U S T ?? ?? G - L E A G U E ?? ?? Is it just me or does that low key sound like Kyrie? White men cant jump Tied with like mike Honorable mention: Air bud Chad also love Glory Hole ? ? My personal favorite Rodney keeps the purp by the pound You mean Kyrie? Oh Gordon is yapping too now? Lol gross Get some sleep son! Its a Monday Yeah jimmy and I said it like 3 hours ago so you guys are shitty friends Does Brock keep track in his data of who doesnt wish everyone a happy birthday in the domino wishes? Touch Dubov Im going rouge Im off the grid now Yeah fuck Jack Dorsey AB to the bills lol Steelers are the ultimate trolls Lol They should get someone from the G league Meyers ?Lol savage
 Tat race: the race for a full sleeve In theatres June Thanks Ian Preach So jimmy and I are obviously voting for trump again but I think the rest of the superliga should back a candidate now and get some momentum. I think we can really make an impact in this election. Barf Ian will definitely fly out for that! Dr. Hedge Maroney is a god damn superhero The browns got fleeced Did you see what giants got in return? 1st and 3rd this year PLUS jabril peppers Who was a first round drafted safety on his rookie contract still Considering what AB went for I think the giants did good, they replaced Collins for way cheaper and they can get the asu receiver in draft plus haskins Yeah I mean receivers dont win championships, I think its a win for both sides Im just applauding the giants I guess after the Oakland trade I think 27? Yep win win IMO Yeah chad youre right though they needed to swing for the fences and ride out bakers rookie contract while they can The Seahawks, eagles, rams formula Id rather not pay either Who was Seattles? Before Lockett? I mean the formula is basically get a great rookie QB and coach then build a defense and let it ride till your QB has to get paid and start over Yeah and then you become the Seahawks and hope you can win thru the draft let all your guys go keep the QB and coach and have a culture in place to be a pats type team...in theory Lol yeah gunz or Russell or Big Ben tho or rivers How many playoff wins does that get you though if youre 20 other teams? Also watch the giants pick end up in Arizona for Rosen Wow they have a fast photoshop team Oh interesting chad I think the last thing you want is a head case in a rookie coaches locker room tho Yeah I think so, I think anything guaranteed you have to eat. Im not positive though. Chad would know hes a sport biz major Stay woke Dude 3 and 1 and peppers is a haul for a non QB You couldnt get that for Todd gurley or Melvin Gordon or really anyone on a non rookie contract ? Hot take Is that the author of the childrens book the giving tree? Its the guy from beer hoodie https://twitter.com/fieldyates/status/1105649356366065664?s=12 Never gets old Also whatever spermatazon is I want it Fuck lamarcus And AD RUN IT BACK NIEL Lol this is peak delusional blazer talk Space must be having a hell of a time We do this 11 times a year Fool me once shame on me guys I know olshey #RunItBack They would take Just expiring Lol Congrats brother! Welcome to the new decade of sports, once brady and bill retires well finally be there! But stars should do go Miami, LA, Boston and SF if they want to win games! Ill do it from the front but itll cost you Brookmouth Stay woke Ill take Wakanda Oakland Academy -3.5 Side note did you guys already talk about DLo punking bitchass bron, magic and the rest of LA? That was savage I hope Matty is drinking his roommates tears this week Liberty high school is pretty good Colt lyerla esteemed alumnus What tourney are the beavers in? Salem Hoopla 3on3 tourney maybe? Truuu It would be a Cinderella story if tinkles 3on3 squad could beat the the 1 seed Tacoma Woke in the first round Statesman journal would have a hay day Salem hoopla is classic. All these Tacoma dudes being like yeah I whooped Jamal Crawfords ass in high school but I couldnt pass sophomore history so yeah...Im here not to mention Alex mcniel being the only white guy playing shirtless looking like Ryan gosling in the first half of place beyond the pines I just love seeing guys that work at the seatac airport dunking on white kids Sounds like something Kate brown would touch herself to. Sounds like a vagina monologue poetry slam story: homeless hoops Lets just say the report didnt yield well Matt Hell yeah I would ???? that ?? Which blazer fan do you think has hit Meyers? ...in the face I love getting smacked during march madness Oh shit Vicious! Uncircumsized bastards! Inshalla! King tut mother fuckers Im hard again! Peel that foreskin back and cut it off! Dan is smacked out of his mind Oregon +4.5 is a ?? v Virginia Its hanging over the table Gimme that Tennessee Oregon parlay ? CJ is dollar tree klay God dammit fuck you space This is your fault You have to WARE this for the rest of your life Ian Youre a liability in this group chat! Stay woke Chad Maroney! FUCK YOU MEYERS LEONARD AND FUCK YOUR DEAD DOG TOO Look at russells lines Lakers are fucking retarded lol Louis Louis Louis Louis Well I picked Oregon in my bracket soooo.... Are college players just really bad? Like why does it seem like the defense is so much better than the nba Like can they just not create space? Dicks are smaller too right? Especially compared to like giannis Tru Im why they dont lower the shot clock and make the court bigger Yeah but so am I and Im almost 30 True Ian Classic faggot college refs Our talent even without Bol is actually like a 5 tho So tragic really Bol Bol has a big cock too Pritch you two bit fuccboi Whose driving the bus? I would rather OD on coke than take a sip of Orange Vanilla Coke a young bill cosby Fuckin machado Take a picture with Kyler for me clay If Chad fucked Brad what would that be? Hit em with a fuck your dead dog Damn Us is so woke Farmers dont wear ripped jeans you darn faggot! Their dogs also go to work with them not stay home and die ? Fuck Lamarcus RIP Ah men Chad Only REAL blazer fans get that Its hard to see outside he also drafted meyers 11th that same draft dame fell in his lap Its why I dont play basketball with Persians or people with Aspergers anymore Brock Not you Rengel dont worry Then get swept in the 2nd round Oh I see youre assuming nugs win Chad nvm Yeah thatd be tite So this is what the G League looks like Am I crazy or would you guys rather just play OKC Westbrook is gonna fuck it up Id rather avoid Gobert Chad is heating up Hes like a freight train you cant stop him space WE ARE WHO WE THOUGHT WE WERE Like the heat Tell pat Riley we said hello you bandwagon Nancy boy BOOM Savage mark Blazers in 5 The Seahawks suck tho Theyre not the 3 seed You also refused to make fun of Meyers Leonards dead dog. Your words were seems a bit harsh Anyone going to the game? Im trying to go Will you do Sages bat mitzfah? Lol KD is a bitch that was classic getting clowned for flopping Fuck lets go I already had jizz in my pants from tip off chad OKC is ?? this is beautiful The real curry! Hold up guys Evan turner is like Lebron if Lebron couldnt shoot, score, pass or play defense or rebound. I rather we would have lost then have to see this picture Thats like saying I mean trump did lower taxes guys This is our year Anyone else hammering zers 1.5? When are you gonna pop your homeless guy jerks off on your shoulder while your asleep on the subway cherry? Hot take the nuggets dont have a first star on their roster. KD, Giannis, Harden, Curry, Dame, Russ, AD, embiid, kawahi and then lebron So I traded AD for jokic yeah PG is not top 10 That ridiculous I know he had a great year No doubt I think real basketball guys agree Simmons and rusello said dame over kyrie without a doubt fwiw Agreed Ian This is a double edged sword for me cause if we win this series or do well in the playoffs Olshey wins ?? Have to put fandom over hatred Yep Seriously I hate it Have I already said how much I hate Evan turner? Fuck evan Olshey turner This feels like the type of game where no nurk really rams us in our anus DA FUK WAS THAT Wow 1ST TEAM MOTHER FUCKERS filthy DAME > RUSS GTFO yeah update the top 10 bitches PG is in Russ is OUT Fuck this shit Yeah Im watching local thank god #millenialprobz cam lol Im streaming too though ?? Cam is on some govt subsisdy California internet Savage bunk B A S K E T B A L L Im so glad the season finally started 2nd game Ive watched all year I feel like I just did a line of coke Can biofreeze sponsor this chat? Tell him his new dog died and this game is too much of an emotional roller coaster for him to handle, Stotts knows what hes doing ? ? Two lines RUSS IS DAMES BITCH ? #NAME? Can he shave his beard he looks like a fucking leprechaun -my wife referring to meyers 69-69 me Theres no more coke! only curry powder left ? Im a sucker for great advertising! Savage Brock Lol Lol Wow cold blooded Houman. I dont think Burger King is the best place for spaceman to watch the game. Yes dubov You have to go to bank in person In my experience Same thing happened to me just go to bank with ID and they look at you super sketch like you run a human trafficking ring then the money ends up in your account. SoWa cocksucker Fucking snowflakes ?Look what I found Lol ? Oregontown U of Oregontown Dame...Lillard Salem Facebook statuses is very similar to Florida Man Omg what a joke Im winning so much money tonight Jesus I hope he fouls out Come on mo How you could you be so Welp Vegas is always right DAME Russ is a such a bitch Thank god Russ still a bitch tho Lol BRICK BUSTlens Noel Ivory Towers Collins aka 7 foot Tig Notaro Jeremy Grant basically winning this whole game JeRaMi* If we had Nurk wed be up by 20 Give these bitches their pity home win and lets close this shit out #Spotlight Ask him if hes on board with living in DC next year KYLER ERA HAS BEGUN Whats 8pm mean? Is that a Roku app? Whose more jacked K love or Scott? ?? The media should stop covering him period hes ?? Why are we so garbage in the paint ugh Filthy Dame needs to prove hes 1st team all NBA Cant have an off night in the offs Wow nice block penis LETS GO I just finished! ?? TNT is jerking Olshey off Bittersweet Is Olshey forgiven if we compete in a western conference finals? Im going for a skinny Steve Keim look Joke for you football nerds out there Lets just say I drove home drunk from the movies earlier I agree with chad thats a stretch We have a B- bench which is what you need But lets not get it twisted Aminu needs to be Grant last night tonight STOP THIS MAN I FUCKING DARE YOU ???? Thats the I just came emoji right? Well it is now Woah rengel too far Wow 64% Thats absurd They should move back the 3 point line So only Lillard and Curry are still sick The media is over compensating hard this year on him and I love it Cause they feel dumb that hes been this good for actually awhile and finally notice cause he has a bench and big men Nah I want AD Were out in boogie right? Hes a homewrecker Yeah good agreed Meyers, Nurk, Mo and 2 firsts for AD Turd Ferguson Hes the captain now Who gets stopped at TSA more Kanter or Aminu? Our team looks like downtown Minneapolis for god sakes Dude I love it but everyone sucks his dick so people forget that they thought he was just a 3rd team NBA random guard for year HABIBI The caliphate loves Aminu catapult Yes chad that would be fucking epic Anyone have the balls to do it besides like Turner? Has RISEN hes bout to arise from the ashes...of Notre Dame...Lillard Lets just say you could easily see kanter, aminu and Zach Collins aka tig nataro in a cafe together If Im billy donovan Im embarrassed I left the Florida job to coach these weak ass bitches FILTHY Would you rather be a thunder fan or a Sonics fan right now Looks like I get to watch thrones early tonight Meyers ?? I aint worried These bitches be soft Dame bout to go back in and were up 17 Dame telling terry whats good ? ? You missed Paul Allen coming back from the dead on Easter and a bunch of commercials Migos were featured in Mo Harkless looks like the leader of the new black panther party and I like it Wow Take him out CJ needs to close this out Fuck Yeah 16 points is nothing in basketball nowadays and now 10 is a close ass game I look like that when Im watching Taylor Rooks show CJ same difference right? Lol Fuck Russell Westbrook stop talking about this overrated garbage basket Spend the money You could die tomorrow #SouthernEuropeanValues a butt clincher for sure ? Savage comeback ?? Ill fuck your wife bitch omg this is amazing Todd Heaps license still suspended? HOF cornerback Patrick Peterson scored a 7 FWIW Josh Allen got a 37 and Baker got a 25 CASE CLOSED Lamar got a 13 Brees got the same score as jameis winston Cam newton 20 Phoenix* Chiefs and rams window gotta take advantage Jesus Lillard is absurd lets play some god damn defense HELP THE GUY FUCK Lillard > Curry Play some god damn defense This is not sustainable for dame Theyre shooting 66% make a fucking adjustment terrys Hes scoring 60 You cant stop this man I wouldve loved to go to this game win or lose Its retarded Omg 6-8 from 3 LETS FUCKING GO Good d penis PENIS yes Fuck Maybe dont flop like euro trashy He must be from the west side of Istanbuls lol Steven adams might score 30 Hes no longer the captain Steph curry is dead to me CJ ughhh I cant believe at one point CJ > Dame crosses blazer fans minds once upon a time Great D same Dame* ? So dame has scored half our points So whose out version of Grant? Why does everyone else suck He has risen Easter came late Who needs CJ less robin more batman please Forget everything I just said about CJ AHHHHHH AHHHHH ?? ?? FUCK YOU STEPH CURRY YOU SOFT AS FUCK WOW CHAD WHAT A CALL The wake That Was SAVAGE as fuck Goodnight motherfuckers The is graduation night at BPP times 10 Officially the wave game Im having a boy After tonight hes Yes Wow guru Give me more content Im not sleeping I love how he couldve hit a 28 footer but he wanted to be disrespectful AF ? https://twitter.com/ringer/status/1120916767524524032?s=12 https://twitter.com/seanfennessey/status/1120916130522996736?s=12 I got more or how the 8 mo missed didnt matter What about KD... Is he still leaning Dallas? Gross Have fun getting stomped on by D Lo and Giannis Man Id like the knicks to be good that would be fun I just dont see it I feel like we have this convo every 3 years. Whether its Lebron or KD the first time etc etc They have to successfully do like 3 things plus get lucky in one offseason. And they do 1 smart thing out of 10. #VegasSources Lol fuck the lakers I love it The lakers wont win another title in our lifetime. FAX ONLY Dolan will sell the team and theyll be fine The lakers are full on fucked and where will that get them tho? I think Jeanie Buss is just a bad owner Lebron will be washed by the time theyll have potential they dont have time Free agent destination my ass. Ask steve nash and Dwight Howard how that worked out? Players move to LA and stop caring about basketball Cause its the best place in the world to be rich DONT @ ME The lakers will not win a title by the time the first one of us is grandparents. So thats like 12 years for me basically Cowherd loves LA dude and fuck cowherd Hes washed I turned him off 2 years ago this isnt even a hot take we all just grew up with the lakers being amazing Rovell for sure. Id at least learn a useless fact or business angle Donald trump is president now Ian Throw everything post WWII out the window ITS A NEW WORLD Gunz gets it another NOT hot take ESPN is basically half ass CNN and is dead. No longer world wide leader Their content is ?? so is ringer, athletic, podcasts, etc etc House of highlights has replaced sports center So right ESPN app is for box scores and you know it! They know it too! Yep NFL network and MLB network also superior content TV wise for their sports TNT also better basketball TV and NBC better at everything else! ? Well dame dropped a 50 burger and had a once in generation playoff performance so yeah were pretty fucking ?? right now. 04/23 National Wave Day is on the calendar now ? Interesting So Facebook Fuck the bay Westbrook 4-22 shooting nights 1d Im gonna be the first to say Im embarrassed that we all didnt even care about this season at first cause we thought the warriors were chalk to win the title after the boogie deal. At this point if they make it next down theyre underdogs verse Houston right? Versus* You dont think Houston pulls it out? more than any other year? After Boston sweeps them Jk I just think Giannis Harden would be a super cool finals but so would Kyrie and Logo Lillard Gainsville low key is a more Jewish Eugene with a better climate Idk whats funnier that tweet or this camel story Neck and neck right now Thats an important tidbit ?? Yeah well one time you left me alone with your roommates republican dad cop for 4 hours and I had to listen about all the Mexican rapists that live in LA he was not a lakers fan at all we got along great If there was a movie about space would it star Nic Cage? Charcokerie ?Cant wait for training camp! Lol giants Obama had a 44 percent approval rating Im Joe will be fine oh 59 nvm. Hes good!!! Go ol joe! Im gonna name my dick enes Cause itll rhyme Fucking thrill I mean even if he started over nurk nurk > Meyers and Collins Then just clowned shaq ?? He also looks like Russell Westbrook with these air ball 3s Were like one of the few teams without a major asshole on our team No kyrie, kawahi, Russ, Butler, KD Just shut up and play guys White people love us I mean spurs are in the national spotlight and Tim duncan was never and asshole to the media were* neither is steph or Jokic or a lot of stars and then theres stars who are pussy ass bitches Jokic top 3 nba dad bod Jamal Murray > Kyrie CJ just unacceptable tonight and our wing players Instead of Evan turner agrees Maybe Jimmy just sucks If Simmons could shoot do they become actually good? But Brock defense! Milwaukie is good. Westerners will concede that The west values freedom of expression on offense Guards have rights! Guys I have some really big news to announce. Monmouth is on the rise. ? Brand new Carls Jr. Gunz loves Middle East basketball So much conflict in the paint Josh Richardson is upthere for sure Justice Winslow James Johnson Kelly Olynk Dwayne Wade Western basketball let freedom ring! Wow youre so disruptive! All the film room junkies can pass First ones in last ones out Yeah fuck the lakers and those trash refs Jizz Suns were wild They also changed basketball Im getting Lulu Aladdin zales pendant for Mothers Day No doubt thats some marketing! Take notes space Diamonds in the rough? Arab women like it rough. Every kiss begins with K. Capitol one sells coffee and Zales is marketing culturally appropriated Disney movies. #2019 I wish masks were mandatory for safety precaution Snowflake legislation How do you charge your samsung when no one else has one? I mean I guess if youre on international blvd in Oakland maybe you can find someone outside a boost mobile Why is stotts dressed like hes in a six flags commercial We need to fucking rebound Rebounds? So god Hood* Lillard look tired or am I trippin? Rodney Hood will knock a mother fucker out These racially ambiguous denver dudes need to chill Later bitches see you in Portland Man were getting old Stay woke This is the first time weve had a real deep bench and defense is years. Its a new team Those days were so frustrating Also Batum was dope but hed just shit the bed some nights and fuck us Did they break a record for offensive boards though? Such a weird game Is that meyers leonards career arch if Danny ainge was our GM? Im all in on 3 headed monsters Larry Sanders was my guy on 2k13 Fucking murray Suns changes the game Amare Jamal Murray has a similar game to CJ really but hes just better cause hes athletic To be a true 4 you have to be slow in the old days* like millsap is a true 4 I love how ESPN is trying to emulate the TNT crew This is terrible Besides jalen this is absolute trash RIP ESPN Murray is slaughtering us I never seen a 7foot 400lb point guard Hes like Jared Lorenzen Penis! Fucking aminu I feel like an actual playoff team with our bench What would Nurk even do?? This is wild Superliga gang bangs Doris would be a fantastic film Its always rainy in Portland starring the superliga would be greenlit immediately ???? Evan turner is dead weight Why cant he get injured with meyers Hes coming in after the timeout right Put him in asap Stop leaving him open! Fuck I feel like jokic is if we got sabonis when he was 25 Low key Why do we have 3 small guards in This is stupid put in chief We need defense Jokic night pass out I actually would rather have Hood than moe Kanter is a soldier I hate when CJ tries to be dame ?? Cocaine emoji! We can only hope. Home court advantage needs to come in play here. Too bad half the stands might be Californians. Tell them to boost there ass back south! Their* (sorry Im a dumb hick) Flagrant 1 Karmas a bitch Have fun retiring at 104 He might eject himself by passing out Hes played like 50 straight minutes This is too much rest for Denver I dont like this Dame needed a night off hes clutch Jamal Murray Instead of garbage time 2nd quarter savage Jamal Murray No Im still mad dubov Cause thats why were in OT God dammit put in hood Aminus job is to be a pirate Then sit on the bench in overtime unless dame is taking over He has not coached this game well Im sorry Agreed Im craving some hood Corner 3 action Whoever wins wins the series This is such an invested game ?????? Fucking cunt I did all that coke for nothing God dammit I have to work tomorrow end this god dame game Fucking CLOSE Woooo! I love it Dame needs a break win a god damn game CJ What a fucking game Guys Im going to bed let me know what happens Great shot chief Finally terry gets it BEER HOODIE! ???????????? Love it Terry is redeemed So this is officially the Rodney hood game? Forced Awkward chad Great foul IMO Lets end this they were to start the game No hes just potato skins and bacon grease He looks like a pizza someone left at room temperature for two days THE HOOD GAME forever in the books Give Rodney a 9 year guaranteed extension Daddys going to sleep bitched got a big day tomorrow. Dont forget to not use a condom tonight ? Was that before or after you were ringing vodka out of a sponge and chasing with mustard? Kawhi to the zers Chuck just said were going to the finals The better curry ?? Good fucking d This way we can win series at home Fuck The west woulda been even more fun if like Durant went to Dallas instead of GS a few years ago. And you basically have just 7 awesome teams and anyone could win every year. Yeah true But they got PG I wouldnt have wanted them to be TOO GOOD tho lol Harden is ridiculous Ill take the zers Run it back. Queue up the thoughts n prayers Did he bring a can of barbasol with him? Great start! Also were like 0-3 in playoffs wearing black jerseys just sayin Chief If dame shot his season percentage this series wed be down 2 and up 3-1 in the series Oh you mean every night but like 1 quarter? Why is hood not starting the dude has earned it He plays defense too terry! Yeah after we cum we realize Mo sucks Yeah I get the rebounding gunz But Id take the corners threes over offensive boards tbhe My boi Our new found son Such a savvy vet We could use him real talk I like that Rodney is so good Hood* both are correct I feel like Rodney belongs on the 03 pistons like him an Ben Wallace would just play dice on the plane Hes like putting peak tayshaun prince in a time machine Tuff call I know the better ugly bad ratio was darko milicic I love ZC too If hes our 8th best player we can fuck Plumlee is such a cuck AD would be so perfect for us Like blazers v warriors with no KD and if we had AD would be a beautiful series. Chris Paul agrees That foul on kanter happened so fast! hes getting eaten alive out there playing hungry Im jaded Not shocked at all Fucking donahue mafia Turner should get waived His PER is prolly -42 Enes needs to eat something Id almost rather have the foul? this is ridiculous We should be down 3! Fucking black jerseys Be more like murray Dame needs to queue takeover very soon It time If you have to ask you cant afford it Fuck off Fucking Muslims God dammit Why are we playing like were the same team from 2017 Brb ?? Im still watching Taylor Rooks IG story whats happening? This must be what its like to watch the heat every game Meyers in. You know its bad Fuck kevin mchale Great shot meyers Im out guy. Gonna jerk it to Taylor rooks YouTube videos then fall asleep in my tears and cum on the couch If youre gonna brick a three your house pet better still be living If we win game 6 I will watch game 7 Dubov loves guys with soccer names Pacifico till I die *drinks familiar once*

*becomes warriors fan* Woj just said Achilles Fucking fuck I love hard tissue injuries KD = Bitch at end of the day People forget Lets also remember Eric Gordon is really good again I have a 6 pack a night but Im a republican now so thats basically like having just a sip Lakers fans should get a job Fucking Uber drivers Very excited for tonight. Even if we win we have a 12 percent chance of winning game 7 Fucking snowflakes Yeah I know Snowflakes frown on breeders Puppy mill or die 2017 blazers are back With an Olshey special vengeance So much filth on that float I blocked him after the Valium puppy remark Hes a warriors fan anyway Jenny Craig can d up Their trap d is so annoying So many bees in there I have a burner just for blazer content Nor will I You got it You got it I think I fixed it but Im kind of mad I did or did I? Wow Nuggets are sweeping the rockets next round dont worry I mean at least pikachu is Ryan Reynolds We still have to outplay the starters Yeah wha he said ^^^ Lets go Netflix should remake tales from the crypt and it should star Hubie Brown Theyd have to do literally no make up Lets go Now can we start hood? Will Moe be cut by the end of the series? Rebounding is overrated Now and ET are dead weight high key if those 3 were swapped for a solid like vet like a milsap we would be so legit Malone hows our coached terry this series no question Hard to see just spitting cold hard fax has* out* We forget I think he coached boogie when he was a 1st team guy Reminds me of our GM ?? Fucking terry Im legit triggered Fuck jenny Craig Beautiful Cause Seths mom is hotter FUCK OFF SUCK MY DICK FROM THE BACK Is terry in deep with the loan sharks? Hes an interesting man terry kekambas Murray is so cold this game. Huge factor Yeah nothing will happen I like silver but hes a low key bitch Get Roger in there to clean this shit up Inmates running the asylum! Make America great again! too far? Filthy In a month can Cam* Next crescent moon Terry is drinking Veema or something Something isnt right hes a changed man ?????? See you in Denver you fucking cucks Savage mark You really cucked him Ask him if Rodney hood fucked his bitch too Lulu said her dad used to play basketball all the time during Ramadan. Kanter is being a bitch. #muslimsportstakes SNKRS more like FCKRS I hope were wearing reds We wearing reds right? Side not the nuggets jerseys are absolute trash. They used to be actually cool when they had yellow and baby blue note* REDS LETS GO If we lose I will blame Islam Lets run a 7 man rotation. No mo or ET at all game Its game fucking 7 Just rotate curry and ZC and have hood start. Garry Harris is a little cuntnugget 0-8 Kanter is so worthless right now unless he fucking eats Denvers trap d in the perimeter is so frustrating Id rather have meyers than ET st this point ?? 39 in a half is ugly He had 1 good defensive possession get out of here vagina neck ?? Rodney no Meyers time Craig out helps Omg I was just gonna day that Lillards 8 boards are worthless nice mo Lets go Fuck off Ill take it It takes a village this is CJs game tho CJ CJ > Harden ? Fuck you we smoked weed before it was legal ? Its all about trump Run it back! Blacks an latinos hate gays People forget This chat is full of snowflakes I think theres some autocorrect troubles with that sentence The white shah. Captain Tariff. Dr. Tough on Minority Crime. The man whose made America the white nationalist Christian society its always been: DONALD PDX in 7 Superliga flies to oracle Lets just get payday loans itll be worth it Elizabeth warren is gonna do dent forgiveness anyway Yeah chad I got section 102 BB hope it was worth it I sold my house I got places to camp No Im gonna buy another tractor and do a make America great again custom red paint job KD and Kyrie AD. The all bitch team Lakers trade kuzma ingram and 4th for AD? What about Nurkic straight up Well this is an L Were 0-4 in blacks What else is fucking new He should try drinking water We own the offensive paint with this lineup they have out tho Gimme zack and hood Now Ugh we need to capitalize before they get hot fuck Did he call that garbage bank We need more dame time God that full court pass was beautiful by steph Theyre doing same thing tho lol Agreed They should swap doris with mark jackson Fuck Jordan Bell for meyers who says no FUCK ET why does he play ? Force shots thatll work! High key ugly ass half I would love to get her Hall pass candidate for sure right behind TR Welp Here we are time to pull your fucking pants up boys No more training wheels this is the warriors cut it the fuck out Paul pierce with some great analysis Shoulda passed it to bleacher report you bum! ?? God fuck amazon but what a genius ad Thats some polish polisher type shit I stand with the dawg Well when you pick the front youre making a stand low key Perfect! Why are we letting the double work! Jesus Fuck I cant Ill black out this quarter Run it back Trade it to NYC and throw in AD for 11 future 1st round picks Fuck quinn cook Who is this guy God you cant win the game just shooting 30 FTs alone. We need to make shots. I thought draymond used to shoot 3s Well could you imagine what this game would look like if we only had 10 TOs instead of 20 So maybe got fuck yourself 30* Dame almost looks in his own head Well Im going to bed Sage is tired of this bullshit Chinks! Trump2020! Cant wait till Miami drafts Bol Bol Stotts just wants to be a good coach not a great one Prolly a D+ grade on adjustments this playoffs Agreed Okay! Dumb question Is TNT and ESPN rotate daily? Like they just split 50/50 days of week for their contract? But we were on TNT? a bunch Especially during the thunder series ?So what the fuck was this? No I know I get that this round Im more talking about whats the sequence in general I get WCF and ECF are their own thing but first two rounds are just random? I aint worried Zack Collins went to West no doubt Rodney hood also went to west. He transferred for sports after he got kicked out of north Were only down 1 guys We got this Half chub for me Boner wont engage till were up 20 Fucking chief Lock him in a gym and fix that shot Yeah I have a boner But its cause they keep showing Sonya Its a tie game now I feel good now If only we could go 11-21 from 3 every half Aminu looks like...well aminu Yeah hes negative 1 house pet Guys Im Barry I cant hide anymore Does Charlie Murphys character from blackish produce these sprite commercials? This is vintage Now were down 6 Up 17 Big lead they said The warriors dont have KD were fine they said Leonard he can shoot the three! NOT Sorry space its not goran dragic I know that hurts to hear Lol seth McChokeum Sonya is so wet Why did CJ okay hero ball? What time is it though? I dont have a watch on Fucking fuck HOF defense right there. Fuck This came down to the warriors have been here before...like a lot This aint their first rodeo We have the talent to compete ^^ love that take What a great young core to pair with Zion When you dont have your best player you best players need to play their best -JVG stay woke Gunz are you POSITIVE Meyers is starting? Lmao Terry making some big time #adjustments Lol everyone else picked blazers Amazing Everyone please buy hazelnut spread m&ms As many as you can Youre contributing to her college fun. Chemeketa is going to be expensive by 2035 Great job x-ing out your 3 meyers Nba wants more games were getting every single call all night Bella revenge game Wow Im speechless Sonya bout to SMDFTB all night cause shes nasty like that So much energy from draymond tho my god. Hes like 270lb Russell Westbrook Who says no?! Meyers for Kwahi? Neil says NO WAY I want moe gone next year God draymond just out competing all over Deja fucking vu -12 at home Fucking textbook Can anyone relax unless theyre up 30 against this team??? Weve scored like a combine 35 points in the 3rd this series Without dame back were fucked Everyone needs to contribute bench cant carry a whole game Are ice baths and 12 hours of sleep just not enough? We were pedal to the medal all season We are straight up shook across the board GS is second half dementors life just sucked out of us Go home ET youre drunk I actually agree with Houman Warriors literally take quarters off even in the playoffs. and we played a 4OT like 10 days ago We missed 14 free throws! I wish we had a draymond Well KD is 99.9% going to the knicks Dont sleep on the 3-1 lead curse If green was younger I could see him leaving for his own team but yeah prolly rengel. This is why the warriors are so fucking good. This nucleus. KD and Boogie just fucking gravy Hes EXACTLY what we need. Like even a poor mans version is what we need if that existed. Monday worst day to do anything but go to work. Come home jerk off and cry yourself to sleep Woah Dame got hurt game 2? Nvm Matt said that last night Choke-akum Lol What a terrible play This game is for the changemakers Siakum should wear a hijab ?? Also low key hilarious the bucks jersey patch is Harley Davidson ?? This is what a late term abortion really is Write up that extension Niel Its supermax time Cant wait to blow this lead next half! Omg Mine was already in the cart Chad Next time you guys see me Ill be wearing a love & loyalty hoodie Bella has risen! Its Easter for dogs Were gonna score 70 in a half an be up like only 4 ?? Meyers might be the leagues best new leader Classic Meyers is breaking big club traditions Slow bar is dank Feels like we should be up 20 Lol classic NBA wants a game 5 they let that shit slide all the time Even though its blatent Guys travel every god damn possession Fair enough though Why is ET even in? ET is homeless draymond ET is even liberals dont feel bad for him cause he deserves to be poor Draymond Blazers ball. NBA Illuminati We need to feed ET in a back door to the hoop HES OUR GUY Pick whoever will fuck your bitch lol what a retarded okay play* Did we want to go home? dame be like fuck this shit Im tired Im kinda glad its over rip the band aid off rip city the band aid off. Yikes That was a Russell Westbrook shot Proud of meyers. Lets run this team back. Im sure the pelicans, lakers, clippers and Mavs will all be worse! Meyers was Bran Turner Hoenig: Warriors fan since 2013 Is this a regular season award or not? Thats where its tough Did lebron play enough games to justify 3rd team? I kind of think the opposite almost Chad Like all NBA should be 5 best period and you could see over years whether it was guard or big dominated or whatever idk PG over KD wow I guess he was a monster though I feel like if your team doesnt make the playoffs you shouldnt be on there. Like would you rather have Jamal Murray or Kemba? So you think if nuggets had kemba Brock they just torch us? Murray was pretty absurd I mean kemba had an amazing reg season TRUE Very streaky Yeah Lol Coulda been next level content Yeah I agree space. Spurs are weak af. Jazz basically are an east team. Rockets would dominate the east thats about it Blazers and nuggets would prolly finish 3 and 4 TRUE https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1131973192476708864?s=12 ?? Welp RUN IT BACK CJ and Dame SUPERMAX time Does anyone else like CJ for Ben Simmons? Are you sure about that Ian? KOC russello and BS like that for sizers Yeah but he cant shoot So throw in an expiring? Throw in meyers Playoff reps okay Ill throw in a first round pick which is basically like the 27h pick I think CJ would be savage in the east on offense Yeah but CJ instead of Simmons they win that series Its not like lowry wouldve just torched CJ he chokes in the playoffs anyway I just did! Its been said Death. Taxes. Trump and Olshey. Shocker Genius This guy is so 2019 We the bay v. We the north Only thing worse than 9/11 is 5/28 I love Morey. Hes basically hinkie if hinkie never got fired and was still the GM of sizers Wilt, kareem, bird, Stockton, harden Sixth man curry thats at least the 2k team id want Jordan and kobe cant play with anyone else though is the problem basically if you have Jordan you need magic or lebron but then you cant shoot And it worked beautifully. Jordan and Bird wouldnt work IMO Instead of going best I was more thinking better team that would actually play together well See youre team is amazing space I have curry off the bench Tie game tho you get to give the ball to Jordan tho I feel like wilt and kareem you could literal score two points every single play and outbound any team I have the GOAT MAGA team though. 
West, Pistol Pete, Bird, Malone, Tim Duncan with Joe Ingles on the bench
 Ted nugent does halftime show Same ????? go choke on a fat cock Neil Next on first take: Is Kawhi the best player in the league? Nick Nurse is a snowflake cuck Prolly voted for Hillary...twice ? Raptors down 3 they got this theyre at home KD to the raptors The next chapter Raptors up 1 bunky They might hold on Boogie is the Antonio brown of the NBA Headcase who aint winning anybody shit Siakam also low key good passers Overreaction time! I was giving you the actual score Not the one on the espn app Pascal siakam has like a qualudes accent He sounds like nick batum on horse tranquilizers The top would all make the playoffs in the west Ian But 5-8 would be like only better than the suns and thats it I think everyone agrees with that space I mean kawhi, Gasol and jimmy went to the east on teams that were already good and the bottom of the west just keeps getting better Cause you said the east Omg thats so not true! Fuck off Denver was so good dude Theyre the deepest team in the league arguably The lakers would go like 7 games verse the pacers The kings might even sweep the hornets Clippers also would be filthy in the east I think blazers or Denver could beat the sixers or bucks youre gonna somehow make use root for the warriors just for the sake of this argument ?? This is genius Ian Ainge is gonna blow it up watch I mean they could try and go for AD or Conley or something but theyre kind screwed The rockets I think would beat the raptors If that was the finals Overreaction game 1 content is the best Can we do the siakam kawhi aisha meme? Replace kyrie and bron I think the records are hard because in division they play everyone more and if the conference is weaker the records are better. What was the record east verse west games This season verse others I mean Dallas went 15-15 against the east this year Boston went 14-16 and Brooklyn went 13-17 Only team with a winning record not top 3 Every team had winning record against east except 4 teams I dont even think this is. Lose Close* Well 3/12 in the east had a winning record and 8/12 in the west had winning record So the math isnt even close Knicks and cavs went 0-10 each lol I mean look tho ?? NW not entire west on knicks sorry but still funny The blazers and Denver being good this year throws it off and makes this illusion that the west sucks but coincidentally both those teams killed the east. What about matchups tho like the raptors could just match up well Kawhi stays if Toronto wins right? You think philly is better than blazers and nuggets and rockets Ian? Warriors
Raptors
Bucks
Rockets
Nuggets
Blazers
Sixers
Everyone else in the west
Suns
Celtics
 Theres your power rankings. Good night The east is better than theyve been in a long ass time Happy? Lololol Jimmy also got worked in the west on the wolves Well you were just talking up jimmy On the hunt for cecils brother Mexican buster douglas The east is so much better in bed He has Draymond Id be fascinated to see CJ and Steph no Klay and dame and Draymond no CJ Yeah I would I think Guards grow on trees Recency bias Draymond is so good But Brock is right he wouldnt try as hard in Portland Draymond is pretty unreal like his impact on games His energy at times cant be matched and CJ is great when dame is cold but like draymond literally energized the whole team its kind of crazy hes relentless Theres so many good guards space what do you mean You can supplement the replacement value I guess is what I mean The gap between CJ and like an Eric Gordon or name a random starting guard is not like the gap between Aminu and Draymond And Aminu is prolly in the top half of starting wings? Thats my point Im not saying apples to apples hes better than CJ. CJ is unreal But he offers offensively what 60 guys in the league can offer Draymond literally won them 2 games last series I get we rolled over and we suck blah blah blah This took a turn lol Draymond really is the glue Otherwise theyre just the blazers I think thats the legit separation Yeah the east is weak af ?? take KD out of this They won without him I screenshotted this I just watched Fox News for an hour so Im basically high as well Tucker Carlson is my anti-drug Basketball arguments are the best Classic draymond willing them back in this game CJ better tho Ill play your recency bias bullshit game! nobody in basketball actually Who isnt a 1st option* But so what? I will even concede that They already do Then we lose The warriors suck Blazers would sweep the raptors Danny Green slays Jews Cause they were Warriors! Rengel yes! Mic drop Rengel on fire! Chad you think wed be worse if we traded CJ for draymond straight up? Well if Im olshey Ill take Quinn and Draymond for Meyers and CJ TODAY Bring back the 3-1 lead and CJ McCollum If they had CJ Steph would have 70 points! So would larry David real talk does kawhi stay if they win? That makes sense And is smart hes a fucking weirdo so who knows God fuck the warriors I hope they never win another ring Guys Looney is out for the series they dont have a chance! Whats crazy is all these guys are out and any team would trade the left but and first born children to have this roster Id trade everyone for curry, draymond, boogie and 6 homeless guys nut* CJ for Van Fleet who says no? The Raptors Theyre mostly Indian born venture capitalists Rengel dont worry Ill bet you $1100 Houman and I get free prostate cancer checks for life His cock? Curry cant win on his own he sucks Boogie also major fraud My god What a chump Houman blacked out from too much acid Cokeland* Yeah the older I get the more I realize cocaine will always be the most timeless drug Coke will be in is 2085 Yep Woah watching that clip that movie is woke af The principal is Reagan Bueller is cocaine I gave Matt so much credit for sharing that tweet with us I never doubted him But I wouldnt have been surprised if he never did share it with us Lonzo sucks There I said it Sure he does But Im sick of hearing him as this trendy trade piece Lakers are lucky if he stays and is a career 7th man Hes Jeremy linn maybe DJ augustin Hes a fine player cool. Like hell have a long career Exactly Is his crazy family is interesting? Dipo at every point of his career was better than lonzo Even when he wasnt really good yet Lol Ian you dont understand this team is so depleted! Lo They have no one left Lol* No Im kidding sorry Fuck the warriors I honestly think the raptors are just solid and really deep and really healthy youll never know will you Lol the wild wild country episode on documentary now is classic af Batshit country lol Theres some world class arguers in here Houman Starting with space Lol Especially once turner moved out and Mitch moved in BPP season 2 Oh yeah mean like a normal finals team? and not some bullshit super team like they normally are? They have boogie, Iggy, draymond, and stephe How is that not enough? Like think about this for a second So lets say Klay and KD are our all year Youre saying rockets arent a finals team or this team isnt a finals team? Im till confused by this Houman? Houman said this isnt a finals team So how far does this warriors lineup tonight go in the playoffs Boogie, steph, draymond Yeah exactly So thats my point this is what a normal finals should look like no more boring super team The raptors are more like a spurs team Just deep and healthy and fucking good. Theyre not stacked No not at all Its cool actually lowry What Im saying is though if KD and Klay died in a plane crash this is a cool balanced league in a weird way Theres so much less chalk Yes agree They also prolly would lose to the rockets so no one else in the west beats this raptors team? Thats what Im finding hard to believe nothing But you think Denver goes in there and raptors win 4-1? Im just curious I just think its more nuanced than that and matchups are coming into play Sixers barely lost to the raptors youre saying if KD and Klay were dead sixers, raptors and bucks are the top 3 teams in the league? Its just weird cause blazers had a winning record against those teams Yeah I know I just dont agree I agree theyre good ass teams Why are the sixers not tied with the raptors Ian? They literally lost on a buzzer beater Yeah I honestly just think you remove KD and klay out of equation all other rosters stay the same and 6 teams have a shot at the finals Thats my point Ian Rockets, warriors (depleted), blazers, nuggets, sixers, bucks, raptors You think no team has a shot I think all those teams have a shot and matched up one another would be interesting af How bout this Ian I think the blazers are better than the sixers And the sixers could be in the finals Thats what Im saying Is its not like the raptors won 15 straight playoff games Im agreeing the raptors are awesome but its not a black and white discussion when you remove the warriors out of equation It actually would make the league even more interesting Yes the raptors who almost lost the sixers A LEAGUE ABOVE! This is retarded I so wish kawhi missed that shot So this argument would be fucking dead youd have your mouth off of the raptors dick for 1 And who knows bucks might be losing against this warriors team Stop bringing up the blazers! Fuck Im saying its legit nuanced like I think there are different outcomes for each matchups I see Portland losing to raptors but Denver beating raptors I see Portland beating sixers but sixers beating rockets I mean youre literally riding this argument Ian on a fucking miracle amazing shot Yeah exactly Nuggets maybe beat bucks and rockets in 7 blazers lose to those guys in 6 but beat sixers in 5 but nuggets lost to sixers in 7 Like youre throwing matchups entirely out the window thats what I dont like. thats HUGE like nurkic changes this entire equation just like KD and klay do If its blazers bucks idk what happens or blazers or sixers we have advantage and if its blazers raptors we prolly lose in 5. But wed never play the raptors cause kawhi misses that shot and klay gets hurt in April in my fantasy world! Change the name to east coast bias Superliga Im going to bed Blue lives matter. Lowry should shut up and play! Hes just another lazy millionaire! *fox news playing in the background* Did jake Logan vote for trump? Id rather pay wentz than dak so if dak is getting paid then wentz should be too Does the raptors being 100 percent healthy factor into anything at all? and if they were so good how come you didnt pick them God I hate basketball. When does football season start When is Ramadan again? I heard a guy on the phone today we need to get these Californians the fuck out of Oregon Spoiler alert: it was me on the phone I just got a random voicemail from a dude with the most bad ass South Carolina accent. Its like southern MAGA mixed with alligator salesman mixed with still smokes pipe tobacco with a dash of David duke KD sucks this shouldnt be a story Great for content tho Pumped Thor the holey moley Premeire for* Nice! Yeah thats jerk off material for sure next time KD has a twitter beef with a 12 yr old Lame The east sucks KD barely even played Lowry wouldnt even play 7 min a game on the blazers The east sucks? Are Evan and moe expirings? Im confused as well Fuck the warriors the east is the best conference in sports. Period. Wheres the blood at? Van Fleet > CJ East > West God the east is human KD will look great in a raptors uniform ? Someone make the kawahi and Lowry fucking aisha meme please Fuck the warriors karma is a bitch The NBA is gonna be great next year! Lets take the fucking west I want the raptors! The pelicans are gonna be interesting Not good but just interesting with Zion and that young core League pass team The Lakers wont win a championship by the time were grandparents Ive said it once Ill say it again https://twitter.com/wojespn/status/1140296688650903553?s=12 ?? Well theyre gonna suck idk how they can sign a legit bench or role players like do they get reddick and Danny green? whose their PG? If AD isnt out of his mind good then hes a bitch You got what you want no go be great like you can no whining Im saying Brock he now cant complain that hes in LA and doesnt like playing with lebron and has no help But the issue is now bron and AD have crippled them to build a team. I guess if they get kemba itll be fine Like is Bron and AD better combo than Russ and PG? Two guys isnt enough. I know theyre better But like is it enough or just a lose in the first round team. Thanks man I got the best present ever. The lakers ruining their franchise for 20 years Who else do the lakers have though? who can shoot? The nets after they get kyrie Everyone who moves to NYC sucks Marus arrelono? Lol Is that a Greek friend of ours? Im key bump pumped for the new look pels Lets trade dame and CJ in two 3 way trade for multiple 2022 picks in the double draft and just give up Houman might like that idea Oh my bad Maybe we can get him for 6 future 2nd round picks How many good years left does he have? Maybe 2? Denver 1, Utah 2, PDX 3, lakers 4 West rankings right now? True they could still kinda suck Really? You dont think Conley elevates them at all? I many rockets are blowing it up and curry has to have an MVP season thru April if theyll be better than like a 7 seed The west is wide open Fair enough Mitchell could take another step though Yeah I mean just name me better teams in the west right now Thunder and spurs arent making any moves are they? Warriors will be 7 seed caliber till April. Did Sam Jacobs get into Meth? ? Yup fuck Hershey though we have our own line releasing next year Lol Whats overtime? ?6 years ago. Never forget. Thank god no more ET yes Atlanta is going to love ET. Theyll be able to tank another year Prolly plays same amount defense inferior rebounding I guess He can hit a corner 3 tho Honestly he could be better than mo in some lineups right? I mean I know hes not a superb rebounder He will be wide open a lot Yikes Well hes not ET tho so do we care? lol Not up for discussion! All star teammates: ZERO I would shoot them in the head https://twitter.com/rysimmons/status/1144283018825277440?s=12 Space prolly made it Wow wheres Ians boner Jimmy butler meeting with mini Miami* Lol 9th seed in the east sounds fun Wow Lol @knicks Great job trading porzingis! Can someone get the new chapter meme rolling ASAP Kawhi officially a B I T C H Yeah I said that hoomie When I said the whole bitch thing Lol KD is also a bitch we knew that already though Might as well done an auto fantasy draft on 2k and call it good Cause Neil cant lose his job They already were Houman Hood and Baze is kinda dope Do we still want love? Hell prolly be washed once we get him Knicks got Julius randle theyre good Im not banking on anything exciting Brooklyn Bitches Sounds like a WNBA team Im just excited I have a team to hate more than the warriors finally In a fantasy world would you guys trade Nurk for BroLo? Yeah were title contenders now for sure Lol Still waiting to not have moe harkless play more than 8 min a game Imagine if nurk plays this year Olshey GM of the decade Meyer is dead to me The warriors are retarded that doesnt even make sense? So they have russell, curry and klay? Lol I wanted to see russell go to PHX This is so weird Knicks got Bobby portis at least I think this could backfire though I guess hes a solid trade piece now OMG WE GOT RID OF MEYERS ? Im so pumped we got rid of Mo, ET, Chief and Meyers Amazing work Neil Listen up snowflakes Nike looks weak af. Even liberals dont think that flag is offensive. Where does it end? Tucker Carlson signing off now Omfg Get the fuck out of here. Why dont we just have a god damn fantasy draft every year Lol Russ to the raptors? Lol half black half sources I feel like the rockets and lakers arent gonna be great Like 7, 8 seed territory Im just saying things dont automatically click and the Lakers dont have a guard also CP3 is done Rockets will make playoffs easy and harden will carry but I see them getting bounced first round Clippers, Jazz, Nuggets and Blzers neck and neck tho IMO Warriors 5th seed maybe if D Lo goes off Clippers suck The bucks are ?? like the rest of the east Ill take the west nuggets, blazers, clippers, jazz Jazz 18-1 is so juicy Lakers 3-1 is hilarious Whiteside must really suck Also who on the clippers and lakers is guarding dame and CJ? Just curious I totally forgot about Beverly My bad Clips are legit Im dumbfounded by the lakers hype though Agreed They should be 3/1 not the lakers thats a ?? GIF DEAD DOG CITY Sum pups cant handle the heat I need Julie ertz to scissor my face Okay what do we honestly think of whiteside I find it odd him and dame are boys Cause Dame isnt a psychopath Is he going to be a dominant defender and rebounder? Or is he gonna be lazy as fuck and okay 18 min a game We are kind of the perfect squad for him Yes I noticed lol We need to come out of the gates hot What if hes an absolute savage? We still ditch him? When nurk comes back? What if dame gets butt hurt Scissorliga*? How about the womens team plays the mens team and if they tie they get equal pay and if the women lose they have to make sandwiches for the men after the match. PUT THIS DEBATE TO REST Yeah Ill say it Fuck Marcus Harvey ? Butler Westbrook shitshow 7th seed will be more fun though During the season? Didnt they beat them 3 times? Clippers 2 seed and Lakers 10th seed. You heard it here first I agree with Brock Except then why do the hawks get an A-? Have him bring it down to the mouth Ive seen 11 Idk what the drop is tbh Most of those are on TNT like every day Oh shit duh Lol the NBA is ridiculous I love it The off season is better than the season Its like in BPP when we would do a fantasy draft smoke a bowel then do like 3 trades each before we even played KD shouldve gone to the rockets Aminu set us back about 11 spots on that I think thats Moe Harkless Is anyone watching Euphoria? Shits wild. Its fantastic and also ridiculous I havent ever watched a show so good but like also goes over the line and pushes the boundaries its just different. Prolly not for everyone Its like requiem for a dream with teenagers and wokeness Big little lies also a ?? Holdick* ?Good morning Libtards Houman really wont be let on the plane now No one gives a flying buck about JR anymore Matt has a pretty high haha usage rating Give me the republican and unlimited ammo and Ill take em all our Ciecels cousins dont scare me Real talk I think a gorilla can destroy just about any animal Gorilla is king dude the strength is unmatched And tenacity What about 5k Jews? Dirk Diegler? He looks like a 50 year old bachelor going thru a midlife crisis But sexy af ^^ ?? Who the fuck is LaMarcus Aldridge? Im thinking his shoe they make for him will be reddish then ? https://twitter.com/CNBCnow/status/1158509730601590785 Hooray! Lots of Mexicans on that list Gruden is so dope lol I actually agree 110% with that tweet. Beto is a cuck I was in 4th grade actually but thats still pretty tite Yeah rapeseed is essentially canola and we call it just rape lol Canola is a variety of rape. So all you libtards arent very PC when you cook with your skillet if you ask me Trump is going to destroy him ?? Lions are 7-0 all time when leading by 28 or more at the end of the 3rd quarter. Lions are 9-2 when their opponents starting QB and 3 or more defensive players are injured. STAT OF THE DAY ? ? 6 coors lights and a mirror pond later Forced two girls to concede this morning, Epstein is fucking back Come at me bro Kyler murray is a savage on madden What does any white person have anything to riot about in this country? Go home youre drunk The frat made you a fullonrapist*! Lol I love how baker is cowherds new John wall Hes such a bum Who is that? Cumsticks* Gemstones premeire was great I thought Florida Men > Everything Socialist rappers. Republicans worst nightmare. Just watched the new hard knocks. Madden ratings adjuster has to be the all time ultimate dream job. Do you think your better at man coverage or zone coverage? Random player: uhhh both Mentally worn down Aka hes a bitch ? Thats some weak ass delta sig shit I support all tariffs on China immediately Thats some Andrew luck shit if you ask me Id hit that I STAND WITH DOUG ? Id hit it ?Do you guys like my new truck? #OregunInfidel Congrats You guys wanna know how to save the planet? Create a plague that wipes out India and China No not a joke https://climateandcapitalism.com/2018/06/26/why-avoiding-meat-and-dairy-wont-save-the-planet/ I totally agree I just love to embrace debate #fairandbalanced ? Fucking classic beavs Sco Thanks guys! Matt Patricia looks like a truck driver who listens to creed Im just glad kids are being kept in schools #ad Ill take bears $300 Dammit hes still got something left in the tank ?? I mean barkdust is a type of mulch Youre both right Todd Heap would be a good BACKUP QB he could run over defenses Chiefs are back! They never left! Marcus > Mayfield :Week 1 overreaction number 37 Minshew is frat af Im here mark $40 mark lSince realignment in 2002, 98 of the 144 playoff teams won their season opener. But 46 teams made the playoffs after losing their season opener. Gonna go with no on that Lol KYLER BABY Tanking doesnt work in the NFL lol I do Mark Pats are favored by 19 next week ?? Im going No I already have tickets HARD yes Rock hard Lena Dunhams body is always on sale Whats on your list today? Youll find it at Fred Meyer ? ? Dolphins Cards. ?? s How long is Brees our? Bias aside here Kyler is legit. I just think kliff is a pussy. Dude kicks 3 FGs inside the 5 yard line in one game. This semen guy is great! Hes really threading the needle in the busted coverage! Nice cock management Steelers are retarded ?? Just traded a top 5 pick for a fucking safety I low key like what Miami is doing Hinkie getting a lot of consulting work they need to start trading for 2021 picks too Its even better cause it prolly wont work and theyll suck for another 7 years ?? Can what about reshad Jones? Is he worth a couple of new vending machines? ? Who the fuck are these yahoos? Lol Thons pregame tomorrow? Timbers this game ? Happy Birthday Michael. Go poop in your playhouse today! Cards panthers yall Rengel I have to stay home with sage after work ?? Cards ?? for 2nd straight week AB says he done with the NFL and its hypocrisy I cant believe Im saying this psycho or not hes kind of right lol Cowboys gonna cover? Cards marching NFC West matchups are gonna be lit this year! Wanna bet on that? Theyre gonna stomp the niners Kyle Allen > Cam Newton? Lets see if you can survive Rudolph and the garbage Steelers first I mean a dead corpse is better than Eli but Danny dimes doesnt look bad Ughhhhh Yeah bad call on my part for sure Be even funnier if the rams lost tonight too The nfc west still prolly lol maybe the north? actually prolly the north the lions arent bad Yeah The pats are winning the super bowl so does it matter? Lol At least you didnt get annihilated at home by Kyle Allen Whose taller Clay or Kyler? More the latter Chad But point taken Big dicks* but yeah 3inches, 11inches, 5inches, 6inches Left to right From the top not the side Hawks Super Bowl play v2 Classic Great job by the eagles sacrificing their safety in order to stop the momentum. Genius move Whats everyone doing for Rosh Hashanah this weekend? Space lets ball tonight Hawks Cards They dont trust Barkley so now theyre having receivers throw Well he only throws to CMC So confirmed #faxonly Sco cards! God were terrible in the red zone ?? No-till or conventional? Eli is ?? hes played look 5 good 4th quarters of football and the rest of his career is bad Rivers and Ben are in for sure Omg guys RIP NFL reddit streams redtube.com I found it! Fuck the NBA and fuck China. What did Morey do wrong? What a terrible person telling Hong Kong to fight for its freedom. We are deeply shocked by the erroneous comments Erroneous!! Lmao Youd think he tweeted lets nuke all the chinks Terrible looks for NBA. Fox News bout to have a hay day. Next on Tucker Carlson NBA sells out to communists Fair enough fire him Let the blazers hire him But its also sad that the NBA wont take a stand either but business is business I get it. Fucking snowflakes The Chinese government has humiliated themselves for 70 years and look where they are? They dont give two shits Give em to me $400 oops one too many zeros BTB Glad Ill be known for something when I die Can I have it again? I used to do that Youre a communist Ian we get it Im down lets do a three way fantasy draft franchise ? Savage reply too ?Congrats Bethany Basically frank from shameless in his early years I was only following orders ? Lol Amazing Kyler 2nd best QB in the nfc west ?? He has a hurt back and is ripping off 17 yard runs Lol 3 words gunz. Change of pace. Lol They need a new coach Too bad they didnt trade him for Goff Or maybe like we could just go to a duck game and skip the game but go on a hike and do mushrooms. Trailgating! Or we could go to the game and get so drunk we throw up and pass out in the parking lot and never make it In the game. Failgating! ?? Cute kick off return Why the hell do mackelmore fucc bois still exist The next NFL bust yay! were a QB bust factory high key Better career Josh Allen (white) or Herbert John Cena ???? Habibi! John Cena my American! Sco! ? He beat the bears and got josh Jacobs for cheap out of the deal so I think hes somewhat redeemed He came in and wanted his guys and to build his team and hes doing that its hard to look at one move cause at the end of the day Kahil Mack is a HOF generational talent and isnt winning anyone a super bowl Nonetheless though makes you giggle when he says they need pass rushers lol #FaxOnly bro Im just saying he might make the playoffs and just crushed the team that he made the trade with can we cut him a little slack? So if they didnt make the trade the raiders are 5-1 right now? Im just confused You have to think about cap room too Its not just talent for talent its making use of rookie contracts Lol fair enough But I agree with the trade Prolly They have the 4th most cap space Right behind the dolphins. Theyre in a good building position I would argue the amari Cooper trade mightve been worse! their receivers are hot garbage Ryan Pace is a much worse GM the bears are in an awful place also they get the bears 1st and 3rd this next draft too The bears are fucked Rams 4th in the west Heard it here first! If only the raiders had Mack theyd be shutting out the packers! Yes if only they had Mack Rodgers career would be over Go Bears! Lol Hey Brock eat my ass! Fuck game of thrones. Thank god for succession Clippers suck ?? ^^^ new team logo Wonder what Brad is saying to his bros in his group chat Kyrie lol Kemba terrible night and kyrie going off Whiteside! Loving this D! I love the d Challenge that shit! Good riddance we have black thunder and white lighting now 7 rebounds God if this works our bench is gonna be filthy When nurk comes back* I guess Id worry that we couldnt go small ever but fuck it well do it live Hezonja looks like he should be wearing a school uniform The nuggets are so fucking deep I hope he retires then kills himself. What story! Thatd be a fun 30 for 30 Malone said we cant make a shot right now You made 6 threes go fuck yourself This bench squad is a little whack I feel like Im watching d league or East basketball Its like a heat hornets game Playoff pau* Our bench cant shoot like what do we do if CJ nor dame is in Zach and Chad > Brad and Chad Adefernee* Pau looks like an assistant coach Paul Allens sister is such a fat cunt She prolly loves Hillary Strong candidate for sure I like our defense Denver just shooting 3 ball well and we need to stop with the 2002 rip Hamilton ISO pull up from 20ft shit The warriors defense is gonna be an issue Dont @ me Lakers 6 seed clippers 1 seed It would be dope though Imagine having Iguodala, PG and kawahi on the floor how do you score a basket? Dont you think we need another shooter? off the bench? Until it produces a nut? until we harvest? or like until its fully grown? Also fun fact. A hazelnut is technically a bush and we form and train them into trees. They stay healthier and live longer that way We harvest year 4 sometimes 5. Break even is year 8 Profit isnt for 9 or 10 years and market conditions obviously vary greatly 15 years they are fully mature they peak at 25 then plateau there production. Provably top 3 most sustainable crop. Sequesters a shit ton of carbon and produces oxygen Soil is undisturbed so less erosion. #faxonly Hemp its the crop of 2020 What a disrespectful snowflake cunt Mavs are kinda fun. Reminds me of dame and LA first couple years. Whose all going to the game today? Murderer! *snowflake voice* Lets fucking go The playhouse Juicy Hammer the fuck out of that Thank goodness we won our must win game against the kings. Our season wouldve been over I hate when they put NFC games on CBS G U R U Thanksgiving is close ???? Good challenge Low key New rule Its weird Challenge! No foul! Lol ? The lakers tho might prevent that single handedly Lol Lets go get jimmy butler Im ready to fleece Miami again Filthy parlay http://vm.tiktok.com/m1ctXV/ Oh this is who cursed Zion. Time is a flat circle Maybe she shoulda just shut her mouth like Dave chapelle said Stay woke Accurate af ? Decision time Whats baseball? Anyone want the niners @ +14 -* I WANT 14 POINTS GIVE IT TO ME What about 12? will anyone give me 2-1 odds ML? fine mark $40 -10.5 I caved GET WRECKED Fucking dipshit God dammit Baby dick Kliff We back Cover entact Kenyan Drake > Drake Fuck it lets do it live! Lets get a fucking suite I wanna bang bang a girl for fucking 2 years Im bringing sage btw she has a husky stuffed animal she can drag around on a noose and we can buy an infant size meyers jersey for it EAT MY ASS MARK WOOOOOOO ? Hi Im Dylan Branch...eat my ass ESPN was -10 NOT BOVADA OR DIE BITCH How many 3rd n 11s are you gonna convert this game Wtf was that spot?! Kliff you idiot He basically single handedly lost the game I was in on him being the OC I wasnt a fan of getting the HC for the record the timeout 1st half was pretty bad he also kicked 3 FGs from 4th n short in the redzone week 2 and then last week went for it from his own 30 ? more like Gaylor amirite Legend ?? How did Paul Allen die before glickman So I thought the sixers were good Ewing theory? Ayton theory* That is pretty savage 3/5ths the price! Damn thats woke af Genius Its the gayest sandwhich it only costs a bundle of sticks We put big meat in our buns Sodomy Sundays @ Popeyes We know dark meat is bigger. But its whatever fits your buns the best Sucks 2 suck willie ? What about the warriors? Fucking classic hawks lol Heat are kinda cute ? Derek Carr for Kahlil mack straight up who says no? 1a- Anchorman 
1b- Step Brothers.
??- Everything else Theyre fine lol I just think step bros and anchorman are in their own category Rushmore of comedies Well yeah its all relative I agree there Matt I got that backwards Kicking and screaming very very underrated can I get half of the caffeinated version and half of the uncaffeinated version? Fucking lou Im pro whiteside FWIW Ian The wild Chad in his natural habitat This species of Chad known as the rare CBtrey is an ambitious breed with quite unorthodox mating rituals David Attenboroughs new series Planet Frat Anyone take the blazers under? CJ is ?? lets go! Is everyone still using Bovada or are there much betters apps and sites now? (Besides the Oregon lotto app) I dont get what the point of action is It doesnt like even sync with Bovada you just put it in to track? Mother fuckers so now we have to use two fucking apps and pay So why cant we use draftkings in Oregon? What did that snowflake dyke put in place this time? ? Can I buy bitcoin from someone I got Bills +295 ML juicy live bet Oregon socialist scoreboard isnt that bad actually Lol Socialist scoreboard stays loyal Should I bet on the hornets ML? is Embiid playing? Hmm $5 to win $42.50 why the fuck not Im already winning all the money in the world from the bills live bet +295! Kate brown you fucking idiot! Suck my ass Kate brown Shes giving me a $140 bet buyback Fucking twat I want the whole pie! ? Dont fuck with my Kate! ? FUCK YOU KATE YOU COMMIE CUNT I need cards to bail me out ?Kate just fucked me again ? ?Im coming back for you Kate Same! +200 is nice You can get 3 to 1 online rn! The blazers are fucking up my 4 team moneyline parlay Dame has a zero to one percent chance at MVP you have east coast bias paired with two LA teams that are relevant now It would have to be a 50/40/90 steph type year No I know Ian I shouldve said Big market bias Booger said Lamar would be a busy bust* I put $25 on the ML! ... Eat my ass KB https://www.instagram.com/p/B4k3y0cBY9p/?igshid=1pnzb1bwrtpb2 Suns hawks ML live bet baby! Lets go! Hawks are +295 and their up 5 points Come on Pheonix! Hopefully its a matchup where the suns win and I win $250 +135 I parlayed it with the hawks at +295 Okay I can buy the bet back at $48 I put in $25 Can the suns pulls this out should I go for the gold? Fuck nuggets closing the gap Whose watching this suns game rn Wtf bullshit star treatment Kate brown wants to gimme $92 now Shes nervous af Fuck you kuzma! God damn youre better at gambling than me ? Same story different tune ^^^^ ?? If there was some +320 bet on this somewhere Id put $100 down Id bet suns have a better record Falcons #7 custom jersey with PETA as the name Kings +405 ?
SMDFTB Kate brown Thats a filthy Eiffel Tower combo Atlanta +430 Dude sac almost won last night! Yeah and Atlanta is a good bad team Japan is dope. Im going in January. Did you find him in Aokigahara? Put Kaep on the bears Fuck Chad inexcusable I did the same space I got rockets and raptors too How do we blow an 18 point lead after the first quarter? What a joke +470 to win rn Oh baby +950! Fucking adjusted on me I got them at +630 tho I LOVE BIG ODDS WE BACK BABY Hawks +825 Juicy ? ?? Also one of his top skills on his resume is grind mentality insta-hire! ? Weinstein Survivor Miami +1375 Put a $1 on it why the fuck now Detroit +315 Miami! Watch out Hope you pussies took cards +355 pregame like me! All good things come to an end Brisbois...he has the meats Fuck arbys ? Frauds Jimmy G #exposed How was that a first down tho?!?!?! BULLSHIT Fuck the line is gone Same Ian Ive never paid one year This is a coup ? Gamblingliga* ^^^^ Same ?? Lets hit that shit! Hawks lost like every game last week so Im in the red no doubt I picked twolves and Thunder wish I parlayd that Against pels? Should we hammer that? Empty the account? Ill wait Fuck it $250 ? Fucking fuck! Is the line against Miami in February gonna be like +7.5? Lol were kind of a joke Thunder/Suns parlay. Blazers ML lets fucking go Melo time! I may or may not be losing a lot of money tonight The hoodie shook me Fire olshey hire hinkie trade dame to the clippers for 7 first round picks and lets do this again! ?Fuck Off Coke is the best If you get with two 6s does that count as a 12? idk the rules anymore I wish we had porzingod Lets go Olshey! Tha god I wish we were the Mavericks Id trade my left but for that roster rn nut* Well guess what guys WE DIDNT ? ?2 hats for $5 couldnt resist your what? It aint over baby Also FYI rengel is about to get kicked out and hes gone Beautiful He also hit a girl in the face. Big fun Welp The fans took a pic of him flipping them off Pac12 after dark He gone If only they had Mack Seafrauds* More like Castle Cock! Gross 6-12 here we go But the raiders lost the trade Michael!!! HOF pass rushers win you Super Bowls! ?Cheese plate Cinnamon, sugar and salt Dont sleep on Wes Iwundu ?? What was your nickname in high school Lache? Uhh superstar, all star, da god... Incredible news! Olshey GM of the year! BS and House think towns is better than Lillard Boy how the mighty have fallen Tru Towns 10th ranked player. Lillard 11th then Embiid then Jimmy then booker Who would you have ahead of booker Im listening to the pod RN Siakam is 9 Luka is 5 I think Kyrie and Beal after embiid I fucked up I think. So Jimmy is 14 and booker is 15 then they stopped. So basically Mitchell and Simmons should be 15 then 16 and booker 17? 11-20 is really hard to rank What if Meyers other dog dies CJ McCollum Maybe he can get a job with the redskins ...as their mascot Go Ricky! Im gonna tell my grandkids that was Timothy Chalamet AD isnt fair Yay Rodney hood is hurt now! Hawks, Bills, Panthers, Saints, Dolphins MONEYLINES Dont sleep on the bills at home! Saints! did they push? Vegas you crazy fuck! Fuck Gundy shouldnt leave Portland IMO Love me some Balkan bitches Mark tell em about our last Balkan bitch escapades in Prague! I got the linebacker version of mila kunis with the toe in the ass ? https://twitter.com/skhottweiss/status/1205159212436934657 Just dont hack my farmersonly.com account you Russian bot bastard! More like Anthony BenGay! ? *lulu and I in the ultrasound waiting room* Fuck Adam silver There I said it We have nothing to lose Fuck it Devonte Graham lol yeah I deleted my ESPN app and I just follow magic now Sucks are dick ?? She should be in the kitchen not on a plane anyway Shes also wrong you dont get both bitch Whoever get to their seat gets both in my book! You airplane socialists https://www.bustle.com/p/does-the-middle-seat-of-the-plane-get-both-armrests-heres-what-twitter-has-to-say-17986698 53% of people think the middle person shouldnt get both armrests ?? Can you hear me now? Love me some Nolan Theyre prolly more aerodynamic for fuel efficiency rather than speed right? Theyre lighter too so they can hold more passengers? Which means more money for airlines Airlines are boomers Interesting thoughts though Matt usually I just jerk off in the shower instead Its all good space no shame in paying for sex ?? Buttigeig baby Happy Birthday space youre a real gem I get back the 30th Ill see it dont worry Spoiler deadline set for Jan. 2nd Finally seeing uncut gems! Deadline approaching Nice Woo! Bills +135 live bet rn +145* 190 Act now hurry! Big money mafia Bills +215 ML Rn juicy Lol LETS GO EAT MY ASS MAFIA ?? ?Forgot I made this bet drunk last night hee hee ?SMDFTB Kate Brown Im such a pussy lately with this low money Lets go baby. Gimme that hawks ?? ?Kate brown has been eating my ass all weekend Preach Donna! Im done holding the door for women He doesnt open doors for women hes pound in them Fire Olshey -Chad and I circa 2016 here we are Fire Olshey Hire Hinkie. 2030 NBA Championship here we come Honestly just throw the season away no harm no foul shut dame down too 25min a game Not even tank or trade or panic Just keep everyone fresh for a dynamite 2021 Forgot about that Yeah sure How do we get Love tho Im confused If theres a way Im down They just need to rub one out I love little white PP Snowflake Reddit prolly! Herbert more like Bustbert Is dick cheese vegan? Asking for a friend Vegan smegma isnt dylan Anyone have YouTube tv login? Trying to watch game on the plane Unfollowing Rovell on twitter wouldve yielded you 3,489 less ?? emojis this year Im all over the titans 9.5 is beautiful Tyler ?? ett Ill be there the 9th Pretty damn MAGA Melt in your mouth tar tar No it wasnt slices it was more tar tar like there was a raw egg with it too and small pieces Very tender ?Fish testicles My grandpa best described its like eating a bag of cum $100 on the line do I take niners or packers I have to bet the game but hate the line 7.5 I need guidance! Totally would if it was -7 Its that half point two scores part thats killing me Worried about garbage time back door Rodgers cover No I picked niners I think niners are winning no doubt dont get me wrong. I just think more than a TD is risky af Lol we got swanigan back Addition by subtraction? MCGREEEEEEEGOORRRRR Murph and I getting paid! ? Nothing like celebrating a McGregor victory like lion king on Disney plus or dont get cheap ever Lets go! Cut that dick off baby! 