Happy new year niglets Who? Holy balls He elevated Coachella shit the bed this year with their headliners It really is Dubov other than what Gundy said If they would have added aneul aa I would have flown to indio Can we go to Taylors Yes sir Then got a date... could be free around 8ish Its lol Ian I could be down to catch some games possibly... but its gunna be a gametime decision Big ups Our boy is growing up Removed a laugh from the fuck is an engagement brunch 0-1 Good start Duck this shit Its ratchet and filled Asians Never coming back Its like they took the Philippino bus and dropped it off in JC I blacked out Just woke up I rmr halftime Tough lose but I guess thats what happens when we dont play at home Blazers won I did also Looking at the highlights We should of won if sebestian was healthy He missed a 58 and then that onside was shit Yea It was rough but its all good Its a brees Super Bowl to lose Side note Nurkic is killing it I always slip trying to grab the soap Its just so slippery Well there goes the line Da bears OMG Well hes fired No more parkey for 2019/2020 Double post * Craziest part is hes shooting 60% Who got 3rd place in fantasy football LOL to be fair tho he is playing out of his mind He gets paid 11mil... and Meyers gets 10 ?? Ohh and Evan gets like 16??? The fact that hes become this good after getting a contract is nuts Anyone want any lines today for nfl Ill do both.. whats the lines again? -4.5 for kc and -7 for rams? $10 each Wow Adam Thank you Gundy Gundy Ill take saints line $10 Line is -8 Fuck Congrats Dubov on the baby Alex Dubov Thats a lot of hrs of sex Well at least Ive had 10 min of it Cj sucks Cj wouldnt even make the list... the most inconsistent guy getting paid 23+ mil Ahh whoops My bad Trade haekless or bench him Harkless shouldnt be in the starting lineup Look at our run in the past couple of games, was harkless playing or even starting? Nope? 
This is why terry stotts kinda needs to go, he has never known how to make adjustments, whether it be Reg season or playoffs Hes a man of consistency Sorry just want harkless gone thats all Sounds like a documentary in the making Wow Colin... cold world Sorry guys I cant deal with the constant bashing of the blazers.... Im leaving this chat First, Ingram and kcp Kuz is too good to give up Ohh and ball Thats a fair trade; ball, kcp Ingram and first Tbh Davis is gunna get traded to a team that hes not gunna sign with so theres basically only 6-7 teams. None of which can offer more than what the lakers can offer Hes gunna sign* I wouldnt give up Davis if it involved kuzma That guy is legit the next bread of stars And we all know 2 superstars arent going to win a ship Id just substitute Kuz for Ingram The thing is kuzma is signed for 3 more years at less than 2-3 mil/yr There isnt a better deal out there.... if they can manage to not include in the trade and keep him think about how much more cap space they would have... cause one AD and lebron take full contracts of 40 each that leaves barely any space Im a big kuz guy if you cant tell Im a blazers fan.... being realistic isnt part of my mindset If it was then Id be in full on depression No I do get getting AD is good I just really want to see kuz continue to get better on the lakers Lonzo still has potential His shooting is coming along, slowly. But his court vision is unreal Im not a fan of Ingram His ceiling isnt much higher Hes got the body, athletic capability to be the next KD but he doesnt know how to shoot the jumpers consistently. He loves the elbow jumpers but he needs to expand his game. He tends to get into a tunnel vision when he has the ball And as for kuzma yall already know that kid is a future all star My 14y/o brother could have coached the Cavs that year They still would have won It is Just stand back and grab some popcorn Dam Allan Houston was on that list All nba teams are likable There isnt one team that I dont like in the nba.... that includes the warriors Actually scratch that I hate the rockets....due to harden And melo isnt in the nba but whatever team he goes on I Hope sucks That would really suck... I really do like the lakers rn But lonzo dont want no pelicans This start is insane Westbrook is a cancer that in 3 years will do what melo did to the rockets... fully mestazsize into a malignant cancer Kristops calm down bro.... you havent played ball all year Your future is your injured still Is he high? That trio in Dallas is gunna be deadly I wonder if smith is included in this trade This is a great trade for Knicks They just cleared up 30 mil in cap for next year Lol I agree But if hes not happy and basically wants out then this is a good trade for your future Also heres something the Knicks possible know is maybe kristops isnt progressing health wise as well as he should All Im saying is if they get KD /Kyrie in the summer then this was a great trade Im mind blown... Clayton doesnt listen to fox? Lol Malignant cancer I dont want the blazers to have to undergo chemo Can we make this group like the EPL Peace love frat Anyone want the Rams? Its a good move Nah Thats a great trade... Nik isnt as good as hood and when will wade ever play And tbh when have 2nd picks ever turned out good Im with dylan...2nd rd picks arent worth keeping Id rather have a guy that I know can play than a dude who has a 5% chance of still being in the nba in 2 years Cavs can have 9 2nd rd picks but wtf are they gunna do with that... no one is trading them a lottery pick You know when you get .15 cents back from the cashier and you throw it on the ground... thats what 2nd rd picks are Im a med student with more debt than most likely any of you lol Maybe jimmy has more debt than me now Never going to happen Medicine is the new big business... just wait till I get my hands on pharma money And to be honest universal healthcare isnt a good idea.... it takes away from actual
Medicine You cant actually diagnosis a patient because your not allowed to order certain tests/ labs because your on a universal system. So if people like us walk into a hospital with a problem chances are were going to leave without a proper work up The bigger problem with health care is how homeless people basically use hospitals as a shelter..... thats what sucking this healthcare system dry. Preventive medicine is what is going to fix this system not giving everyone health care cause its going to hurt people more than help There are patients in the hospitals for years cause nobody wants them Everyday they cost 2-3k by using that hospital bed... having universal healthcare isnt going to change that. We still cant discharge them Insider scoop brought to you by bud light.... keep on riding First half line is -.5 pats anyone want to play? That last bud light I was confused on Was that GOT and bud light teaming up Why is Hurley not in How is this possible The rams cant ducking score This was the worst super bowl in recent memory How can the pels even get that many players The Lakers would have like 6 guys on roster https://twitter.com/aj_mccord/status/1092590346826014720?s=21 Im hyped So his career is pretty much done To be fair he got an infection from his previous surgery which caused the Achilles to become weak Just reporting what Im reading So its the surgeons fault As long as he donates his next year salary to the superliga We got Rodney hi Tho* Neil is making baby steps No way they keep all 4... not even the warriors are that high to pay that much in tax ^mr. Olshey Myers Leonard, ET?? Dirk, z-bo, kristops Interesting ? We in the hood Lets all take a moment of silence for Neil and his finessing ability which gave us Rodney https://mobile.twitter.com/barstoolhubbs/status/1094397898769469440?s=21 Hahahaha If you could do that I would drop med school and become your groupie We need to go 6-4 to be in contention in the west... or else were gunna fall to 7/8 Terrible calls by the ref Both times the defender puts his arms up and comes down You can come down Cant* Look at the replay of both he came down at the last second The first one was the most obvious The last second one wasnt as obvious Exactly We played bad but this was the call that should have been made Hey Dubov ? Wow your getting personalized emails from bovada... high roller private business baby... money maker The warriors will be broken up next year when klay and green leave Or KD leaves And boogie will of course be leaving Wow Thats actually a great move dil Neil Wow Yall call me racist Dubov sandbaggers have a spot in this world I love the kanter trade... this is best thing to happen since we bet the rockets in the playoffs The end of the Meyers Leonard era has begun I dont use Twitter How does it save money? That was terrible So many memes will be made Oh shit I paid Brock like a month ago... whoops I forget What place did you get? 3rd right? Just sent it Lets do it next week Considering that hoops doesnt start until Thursday this week, and I got an exam on Friday Ehh idk why but I cant get into college hoops this season. Maybe its too early idk Ill be making one for us The chances of winning a 2k bracket just arent worth it for me Id like to think I have high chances Yea Id rather do my own... cause that pool is too large I want to win True But to get 3rd/ 100 is harder than 1/20 Confidential More so because idk shit about college ball this ear Year I got a massive beak No idea what that is... I got better things to think about Like how Im gunna win the bracket 500,000 deposit... ummm can you deposit some in my 400,000 loan please Bet of the night Bucks -5.5... id out stacks on it Put * Can we erase Myers from
The blazers https://youtu.be/JYkVka5Z4Kc This song is amazing Yup... the blazers need to come home Reboot time Great road trip Alright boys and girls. Its that time of year... tourney pickum. As per usual buy is $10 per bracket. Up to two brackets. Heres the link Yahoo Sports Tourney Pick'em group, Big Ballers
Group ID: 20309
Group Password: SGU https://tournament.fantasysports.yahoo.com/t1/group/20309/invitation?key=5a7692a0b8d9ff4a&soc_src=app-s Do both This isnt a competition on whose dick is bigger Rengel Youd win that one, this is about me winning with the highest likelihood Spuds like another day in fever Denver Dame needs to be the first player to lead us to WCF since 99-00 We have to squad this year to do so... barring any injuries I do not believe in stotts I dont believe in his ability to adjust but lets pray that in this hypothetical world we dont need adjustments until WCF Rmr when trump got elected and ppl thought it was the end of the world ???? Sorry I dont speak your language Rengel I dont blame them Depending on tix I do want to go to msg at some point A lot of people have a bigger hog than gundy Sorry to say It's bracket time! Join my Yahoo Sports Tourney Pick'em group, Big Ballers
Group ID: 20309
Group Password: SGU
https://tournament.fantasysports.yahoo.com/t1/group/20309/invitation?key=5a7692a0b8d9ff4a&soc_src=app-sh

Venmo me $10/ bracket Send me the name of your bracket so I know its yours It allows the average Joe smo to play and not feel bad about losing $10 I want to include all races Rengel I dont think 1600 is going to change your life LOL. Sounds like rent for one month But to each their own It's bracket time! Join my Yahoo Sports Tourney Pick'em group, Big Ballers
Group ID: 20309
Group Password: SGU
https://tournament.fantasysports.yahoo.com/t1/group/20309/invitation?key=5a7692a0b8d9ff4a&soc_src=app-sh

Venmo me $10/ bracket Tell me which bracket is yours I got other friends Rengel I know you may need the 1600 more than me its okay Beatiful Dont get to sign up folks. Were at 26 ppl so far Mark, Ian, Dehaan, Chad you going to join my bracket ??? Dehaan ???????? It's bracket time! Join my Yahoo Sports Tourney Pick'em group, Big Ballers
Group ID: 20309
Group Password: SGU
https://tournament.fantasysports.yahoo.com/t1/group/20309/invitation?key=5a7692a0b8d9ff4a&soc_src=app-sh

Venmo me Is anyone unbiased observer in my bracket. Im going to delete it if so... idk who it is Ahhh yes I kinda rmr that from last year. Thank you Rengel Brackets dont lock until 90more min I wont matt Rengel how many ppl entered Nah... I got 30 some ppl because it was $10 Whose ringleader in my brackets v Or my definitive bracket (email is snowman1966@ Comcast) I figured out one of them, but idk who ringleader is Is that you Rengel lol Huh? Ian pay me Alright ringleader will be deleted in 15 min Thx Ian 400 pot
1st (70%): 280
2nd (20%): 80
3rd (10%): 40 Mark give me Murray +3, Belmont + 3 $10 each Lets do it Brock. Mark gone Belmont Give me Belmont * Actually scratch that I gotta go with mark. Hes my man. Mark give me both Murray and Belmont I got Murray state with mark Done deal line is -3 Marquette Do you want it Brock, Im so confused. Im just gunna stick with mark Thank you for missing that free throw It was +3 line right? Ill take Florida +2.5 $10 Mark I would love action on the last two games as well Once we get there lol Give me oD ans syrausqe Syracuse OD and Syracuse please $10 each Mark give me ucI ans Iowa please $10 each Dubov Ill take Iowa againist you? Thoughts Dubov? No idea but I like Iowa I like it This weekend I ethier lose all the bracket money pool or double it Ethier way its a win win Mark you got the lines for the next batch? Ill take Utah state $10 Mark can I take buffalo Buffalo and Utah state $10 each please Yes Mark Miss st $10 please Ill take Iowa state as well $10 Mark
Ill take LSU, Kentucky por favor $10 each Mark Ill be gambling all day baby. Lets see how these first games go Wow that new line killed me Ye I got kenteucy Thank GOD I love free throws Mark I want Murray $10! Can I get nova? Can I get Murray and nova? Im confused Lol. Okay. Dubov you want to do a side bet since you love Purdue Also mark I love you for doing this Fair enough Ian also if you want I would like auburn since you took KU from
Mark There are 3/4 people who had two brackets Matt you should have paid another $10 You can have two brackets $10 per brackets Thats the rules... its been like that every year Nah this allowed people that wouldnt normally play, play Its always been this way They shouldnt Mark whats the lines today Ill take Houston and Tennessee today mark $10 Is mark alive Can I take Houston and Tennessee mark Well fuck Tennessee already started Ill take Texas tech also Holy Jesus This reminds me of the year we were 2/3 seed with Wesley and he got injured High hopes Lets run with Purdue $10 plz Mark Ill take Michigan for $10 Yes sir Mark you got limes for today That does sound good right now You da best Lol Matt Idk how but shes like ranked nationally I believe relatively high Or maybe not after FSU lost last night Is mlb a sport still Thought it died last year Must be in the same category as nascar ?? My bad...its the start of baseball season I need to put in my two cents Unc Kentucky $10 Each Plz and thank you Mark were even Yea... Ill be back tomorrow Lol Mark lines my man Im running Texas tech tonight Potentially the next game also Ill get back to you on the 2nd game Ill run with virgina and Texas tech $10 each plz Thats so dumb Ppl paid a lot of money to watch lebron Thank you Mark Finally I win a night lo Mark Ill take Kentucky and Michigan st today Mark you awake lol Eeyyyy hes awake lol Alright Ill take Michigan st ans kentuxky please I believe I typed it into the message group on yahoo I dont rmr it now... and my app isnt working Yea sounds right Wtf Mark whats the lines Dam Ill take virgina and Texas tech please Virgina -6.5 -10 But if the rockets win they lock up 3rd right $10 Texas tech plz Side note: Matt looks like your most likely the winner Whoops Its good that you know that well in advance of tonights outcome... someday youll see a substantial return (well thats why my Island dude tells me at least) Thats way too boujee. Your choices are habibis gyros or Mohammed Abbas lamb chops Habibis tends to have belly dancers on random nights Can someone send me the payout from the message board. And I will do payout in the AM. I cant access my yaho for some reason on my desktop Laptop* And this really only applies to Dubov to do lol And Matt * Thank you sir I should have made last place pay an extra $20 or something for being terrible You know whats funny Rengel Im pretty sure Matt/Dubov are happy right now those people had 2 brackets Cause they won more money ???????? Dont forget to eat fresh Ill most likely have to work LOL... lets do it in Iran I know where to find all the good stuff Happy birthday. May your day be more blessed than Dubov last night winning his cash prize Happy birthday. May your day be more blessed than Dubov last night winning his cash prize Dubov habibis gyros is still looking for investors Undourantely Grenada doesnt have that.... its either are you open or closed ....170 games to go ?God bless this girl To be fair pierce isnt wrong in saying you have to be blessed to play with other great players. That statement doesnt get brought up enough Lol fair point Who wants to make nba playoff brackets again this year. 1pt for correct team 1pt for correct number of games (cant get second pt unless you pick the right team to move on). $10 buy in Only one bracket allowed lol Ill set it up in 3 hrs Ill set it up in 3 hrs ?We got two options:
First is via nba.com with this point system Or another option is to create our own bracket via a fill in online and we can do 1pt for pick, 1pt for correct games regardless of rounds in the playoffs What does everyone want Yes Matt Brock your a genius Ill just have everyone fill out a bracket on a website and send me a picture of it... then Ill create a google doc of once I get all the picks Really? I feel like its better to pick it all at the series now Thats way too much work for me honestly Thats why I want to pick everything now and then just sit back Very true mark lol I mean Im going to be gambling with you anyways... side bets Need to get a repeat of last yr Okay boys. Fill out this bracket, send me a picture and $10 Venmo. I will create a google doc with everyones picks once the playoffs start. Only one entry. I need it before tip on sat https://paspn.net/NBA/Playoffs/Bracket/ Screenshot Once youve filled it out Yes Ian $10. Have them send the screenshot and money to you and then forward it to me Boys dont forget to send me a screenshot of the bracket Lol... just gotta remind people Boys Dont forget to send me the screenshots Tell your co-workers also Perfect Its a beautiful city Space We have to watch some games together You may need to make some moves to Brooklyn Brooklyn is like the best of all worlds Access to the city plus space Im sorry to say this Without people who shoot up I mean space but actual space lol Come to BK Its lively lol No comment I work Sunday But thats deep thats Williamsburg lol Im in prospect park Portland 2.0 lol Very true Just another friendly reminder boys 2/11 so far More brackets to come https://paspn.net/NBA/Playoffs/Bracket/ Send me a screenshot 5/14 now Ian and Gundy are nuts Celts and bucks winning the ship Absurd Mark you making a bracket? Out of 18 brackets so far. Half have warriors not winning it Kinda nuts Mark I will take $10 on philly with the 6.5 line please Ill send out the link to google doc in an hour Im at home https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YwZ2NbvpT50eSKtZlku2KVLQeJ5557H111uTlyHfqMw/edit#gid=0 Make sure your picks are correct Nah Im exhausted Hold up Seth is marrying doc rivers daughter What Woaahhh WE BELIEVE Theres no Blake Mark Im feeling $10 on bkn tonight I will take nets +8 mark $10 lol Boogie may be injured I need a comparison to his other thigh Welp thats not even a big loss for them... their back to last years squad now Slightly He does and he has a hot wife More so the latter Nope Very ballsy Dylan Can stotts make a adjustment Its unreal how expensive they are Games in philly are dirt cheap compared to here My diarrhea poop is better than Russ Im not liking how big these lines are Yea Space youre welcome to come to BK if you wanna catch the game on Friday We can watch it at a bar here or my place... whatever works Im not working that night Well youre welcome to Thats an interesting play Mark Ill hit $10 on raps -5.5 line plz I want to watch this game without worrying about money Someone is agreesivr today Ill take it Mark My god This shows that Westbrook isnt a top 10 player Sorry I just used to everyone here dick riding Westbrook https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YwZ2NbvpT50eSKtZlku2KVLQeJ5557H111uTlyHfqMw 3 fouls Donovan should be fire Fired* Ohh didnt know that Chad Why would anyone pay to watch a draft Whats the spread mark Give me $10 on warriors please -10 4-2 its over Mark whats the game 7 line https://twitter.com/yeseeghosts/status/1121611669355008001?s=21 Mark can I make a bet with you Or anyone who wants bucks -8 Yo GoT was good For yall west coast ppl. This was a great one ? ? ? ? Yea Ian you trying to watch it somewhere Worst thing is going home at 2 Nyc night always end at 4/5 Baking soda, baking soda Thank you Dubov Clayton youre high Stop smoking that kush Good point Also you may have not been able to see the GoT episodes Unless you had a 5K with maximum brightness 5K tv Ill take Celtics +7 mark $10 My $10 bets keep me interested in the game lol Even when it comes to a blow out So am I betting Ian $10? https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YwZ2NbvpT50eSKtZlku2KVLQeJ5557H111uTlyHfqMw Nah Curry is more consistent Yea give me $10 on raps mark please Thank you sir Cause we started late Sucks for denever That was a clean screen Rivers did a good acting job Or he has a concussion The refs were the refs Idk what stotts is thinking right now Why was CJ in the game Wasnt* The refs are the refs stop bitching We lost because we didnt play well We got calls and they did also Thats how the game goes. Lillard didnt play the way he does, that hurt us Wow Liverpool did it The unthinkable Unbelievable They werent themselves The goal to win it by Liverpool sums up the game Can we also see turnovers And shots taken plz This is a misleading stat... ohh can we also get a larger sample size Sorry have a large hatred for Westbrook He doesnt understand technology So if the game is at 330 Kanter is not eating or drinking Sick lol Never would I have rooted for the rockets before but I guess I have to now Mark Can I gamble The rockets screwed themselves with Cp3 contract Their going to have to give harden big money Thank you sir I want this return Lets gooo Im jumping off the Brooklyn bridge I dont even want to see the 2nd half Holy shit Im going to cum all over nyc tonight He would work on the spurs Him deroxan and LA could work Put patty back at backup And Conley seems like the kinda guy that could work with pop Philly is all sorts of fucked That team is going to be so diff next year I can see that also chad But kanter cant defend like that Was that vonleh? https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YwZ2NbvpT50eSKtZlku2KVLQeJ5557H111uTlyHfqMw Ians buddy tom pretty much has it locked up for 1st Anyone want the bucks tonight $10 each of you. I want raps +7 I believe thats the line... someone double check that LOL Yall were all about the buck slol Fair Lets do $15 Im a poor student still... do you have 300k in debt LOL Low interest rate my ass I wish it was Fuck it mark Let it ride Ill take raps 6.5 $20 I mean daddy trump only gives me so much to use at a time Need to wait for my next lump sum Lets go raps Raps warriors Warrior in 6 Its been like this for like a decade now Zero points Fuck me If you get punched in the sternum like that video you could damage your major arteries in your chest coming out of your heart. Its basically like going through a head on motor vechile accident Can you jump over Deontay? Very large black man Whose angry Some would call him a killer Were playing with house money Any games we win its a win... but lets be real we didnt really think we could beat this team. They are the same team basically as the nba highest wins team We dont have the stamina to compete dylan How many times did the guy shooting the ball get his own rebound. How many times did klay/Steph pass the ball away and the defender sagged off then Steph/klay did a juke move off ball and got a good look on offense We dont have the fight in us Both of you are ridiculous Those are terrible trades. Why would the pels want any of those scrubs Id rather take my chance on a draft pick than these guys lol Kyle Kuzma is better than all these players Can Collins score Ohh no he can get 5 fouls in 8 min Collins isnt a theeat... hes a average player. He plays his role but he isnt both physically and offensively at any level of kuzma. And theyre basically the same age if Im correct Fair but I wouldnt compare them. Kuzma is the caliber of Tatum and those up and coming stars Collins has had zillion bad games this year Ohh and lets not forget when he just doesnt play... that has to say something when your coach doesnt play you One question Right now. Youre in the WCF... who cares what team you are. Youre able to pick up Collins or kuzma off the imaginary waiver wire Who do you take Do we not care about the loses The wins werent a result of him. Lets be real we win if dame/cj go off Or if hood does as well Collins could drop 20 and If dame /cj have 20 together we lose guaranreee We dont make it without hood We dont make it there without curry Should we say that curry is better than kuzma I aheee with that Potential is very high. Hes young Hes a young player, knows how to play. Can shoot, and play D. He needs fill out his body more and he will be good But to say hes basically equivalent of kuzma is absurd LOL ??????? Winning playoff games is a matter of being in the moment. Kuzma hasnt had the chance You think Collins could do what kuzma does ever night Kuzma is the Lakers 2/3 best player Collins isnt even on our top 5 Removed an exclamation from With Portlands Zack Collins is better than kuzma Blazers conditioning coaches clearly were not prepared to be in wcf Dame is exhausted... hes been like that since the 4ot game Nobody was prepared to go this far. Hopefully they now know how much energy it take to be able to play in June for next year Were tired Curry/Klay havent played the same amount of minutes as CJ/dame. Splash bros have been here before 4 yrs in a row. Theybknow how to handle their energy levels Just look at the rbs, lose balls. Blazers dont have the fight they had vs okc Agreed. But if you know that dont you think youd want to work harder. Cause you know lose balls mean more I agree Rengel Green wont get max but something close to it. Klay gets max Lets go dubs!!! God I love the WNBA... these ads make me love it It was a good ending Dehaan you dont even watch it Game This just shows how good the warriors are. Welcome to the dynasty. Warriors are gunna easily win the finals 1-Apr Ian I will gamble you rn that warriors will win The finals* I doubt its up Too early We could do $20 on winner of finals Ill take Warriors That wa da foul By geeen Klay was straight Dame needs to pull up from half court Why Why was that the best shot Gundy stop First you say Collins is better than kuzma... now youre saying Meyers is needed Do you just throw our 85/95 games And look at a small sample size I agree 100% But Myers isnt needed Hes going to be on our roster I dont mind harkless For 10 mil its not the worst thing He brings some hussle/ size and defending skills that dame/cj dont have Plus Aminu is walking cause Id expect him to get at least a 10 mil deal ET does create more... maybe he wanted dame/cj off ball This is real ball vs with Kd its iso ball https://docs.google.com/spreadsheets/d/1YwZ2NbvpT50eSKtZlku2KVLQeJ5557H111uTlyHfqMw Google doc has been updated Chad and Tom with the lead. Need to figure out a tiebreaker for the finals Any ideas? True Brock any ideas tho? I agree but I couldnt think of any I like that I said on the spreadsheet... if you read it. That tiebreakers will be determined if needed Its said that since the beginning of the tourney Yea I like it Brock. Pendings ecf Ill message ppl individually Id be so happy Finally can watch these games Or at least a half Im so confused Warriors in 5 Easy series Raps arent gunna be able to guard these warriors Splash brothers > 3-1 was bad but 2-0 is pretty dam bad Jimmy takes the lead with 19 Anyone want the raps line Ill even give you +4 lol Its -1 warriors Well a Oregon duck is going to win the championship this year Ether bell or Bouchard lol How have they not announced the MVP yet I thought it happened during the conference finals Anyone feeling the raps magic is a bitch. You think ppl were back stabbing you when you were a player. This is what Shaq would call some pussy shit Werent* Anyone want the raps tonight? Ian you do? $15 I got warriors? Straight up? Sounds good Ill take warriors +1.5 for $15! ?* Thats the line sir lol You said to follow the line Nope its flipped now... according to my score app Sounds good Ill take warriors -1 $15 Things happen We still got a game boys Never count out the grew Great* steph Wow the fact that Carley Rae jepsen is on the third line says something ???? 70% of these things ppl say... I agree with Rengel Ill take Gsw if anyone wants to gamble $15 Yes sir You wanna go somewhere and watch it I can meet you in the city if you like, since I know youll be getting off work then LOL I want to drink, not rock climb Ill meet you at the bar... does it have Tv tho? Nah Im not into rock climbing lol Ill meet you at the bar after your session Whats the bar name Up to you. Whichever bar works for you. As long as its below 59th st Yes! Have faith in the warriors, this is the time for the other guys to shine... plus no one knows if anyone outside of Leonard will really show up especially away ? Look at the last comment Dame had Cj Cj played like an all star Who does Steph have right now offensively Andre, green... youre high Gundy I agree with boogie, but boogie isnt Cj Cj is Klay level Dehaan Im saying they are the same level... as in they can score on their own, shoot amazing And draw players to
Them So can Collins according to Gundy Whose better than kuzma according to Gundy lol Dylan stop How many air balls has green had this game If im correct its 3... and they were wide open 3s Gundy id say offsenvily no, but defensively yes Robert horry won 7 ships One question: how many people took acid tonight in this chat I feel like its >1 Game Who wants to gamble I got warriors to win the series Who wants it Ian gave me something juicy Whose OG Ohh Can we all take a moment And realize the boogie didnt play the 2nd half Just found this out He played 19 min I wasnt able to watch the 3rd due a blackout or whatever So I missed most of that The bar we were at didnt pay theyre cable bill Rengel I only would if you came I miss that dylan ? Drake insta story 30 min ago LOL. Gundy I love your thoughts but Klay isnt leaving the warriors Klay sat out because they knew it was 1-1 and theres no need to risk him. He will be back next game 99.99% I miss keif bowls Please take another for me Idk I think KD walls.... Klay, green stay KD got want he wanted and now he can walk Gsw knows they can win with the trio of green Klay curry and get other players Or at least be competitive enough to be there every year Think about this kyrie + AD in nets And this is realistic They have so much money is ridiculous Its* D-lo, picks in the future D-lo sign and trade At this point pelicans only really good offer is LA.... Everything else is just to keep away from La Oh god Gundy No no no Lakers package is by far the best package... Like one is 10/10, the next is 5/10 Future will suck if they have two all starts They wont get a lottery pick e we Ever* Ummm one sec Gundy Lonzo, Ingram, kuzma ans #4 They were offered before Idk but lets just say hypothetically they do Is that a better offer? Okay But is the Lakers offer that I said way better? 4th PICK!!!! Nets can offer anything close to that D-lo + picks and random picks and players could work D-lo has to go if they get kryie And a sign and trade is perfect since he is a restricted free agent Lakers Kuzma is better than the kicks player But this is like 40/60... very close So pelicans would get 4,6 and ? 4,6 and lonzo? I would do that The upside is greater plus it gives you the flexibility to build very young At that point Ingram would get a contract that he doesnt deserve but whatever Yea it could be interesting and fun to watch Agreed So lakers keep kuzma, ad, lebron ? CJ isnt going anywhere... there isnt another player that teams would be willing to trade that would make our team better Lebron wouldnt have won tonight Dylan are you messaging from different devices Or does it keep just randomly switching lol Now Im exited Full boner Excited I have to say I love arguing on this chat Can we all take a moment to realize how great BpP was Dehaan think the opposite of what youre saying Lebron would have done the same as curry tonight had he had the same squad... been kinda close all game Agreed No no this isnt a normal finals team lol A normal finals team is with Klay Can we all go back to loving Gsw when they didnt have KD Ohh you mean boogie right Who didnt play all playoffs or this game second half Boogie isnt a threat clearly I did Denver isnt going anywhere... Gsw will get to the finals again next year They may not win but they will get there Warriors with curry Klay green will
Make the finals next year. Rockets I believe (could be wrong) are going to implode and do something absurd. Denver is like Ian said... just kinda there but not a contender. Okc is going to commit suicide with Westbrook for another year Agreed but one of them will Cause they will get max deal Ehhh its a different series, hard to say. Because now its a big man game Jokic changes it all Can gasol really guard jokic? Cause Leonard can clearly guard Klay or curry You can never compare reg season Agreed Bucks, raps, warriors in the league of their own 
Then Denver, sizers, blazers, rockets Should we do a premier league for the nba? Relegations? It would lol Sizers vs bucks and who knows who would have moved on No no Hes saying the raps shouldnt be there Ian I agree with dylan and Dehaan here Had that not happened its a diff story but then again we can do what ifs Cause then we can do a lot of what ifs KD out game 4 Gundys back on the kief Fair but game changes if Klay comes back All of a sudden it goes back to the 20-0 run the warriors had in game 2 So they have 2 max players + another like right below max player They have roughly $23mil on the next roster I would never go to a game... ticket prices would be absurd Fuckkk The d-lo to pelicans is looking more juicy now... and kyrie + ad to nets Fuck KD. Get ad and kyrie Thats for sure possible Big news boys AVICCI new album dropped today I love heaven All these songs have such unique beats... its awesome Ian lets do another $15 tonight. Ill take Warriors with spread -4? Only asterisk is I need Klay to play Ian I want $15 on warriors with line Jesus Chad youre in the middle of the country lol Blazers lost to the same team... Klay wasnt 65%... guy dropped like 30pts Blazers in no way would have beat this team! Blazers were exhausted. Dame had no gas left When is the World Cup? Ask lulu? Honestly have no idea lol Toronto > Portland #diversity Testicular torsion Yea Looks like the ball hit his balla torsion is much much much worse my bad KD cleared for practice today KD will rupture his Achilles lol Hasnt yet Look like jokim Noah shot Its gotta be Achilles Thats more likely an Achilles than not That wasnt a travel Not a travel LOL I did the same thing Mark ONE MORE DAY OF BASKETBALL Blazers are gunna win the finals this year Raps fan are just as annoying You guys are on the west coast... theres a shit Ton in nyc The most likeable fan base is the one you dont interact with Why the fuck is he crying KD is alive... and hes going to be alive tomorrow and the next. KD should be crying not Myers Unless Myers is the one that told KD you have tonplay tonight ?? ? Keep kuzma I like it Hes a poor mans Klay, lebron honestly cant ask for anything better with his contract I dont think it will, clearly pels arent doing a swap with the lakers. So they need another team Ethier way even if they dont get Ad the chances of him coming after next year are still high Theres still some hope How about fans of neither Mark Dont forget to get 32% off on nba.com with your Amex card Gucci Fucck* Well shit Its done HE THIS MAN A MAX DEAL NOW give this* Klay done officially Cool
Raps you won with KD and Klay our I wonder how it would play if Leonard or Lowry was out ?? If raps do win. You cant say raps are a better team than the warriors But a win is a win Kwaki didnt beat the best team
In history Fair LOL Im going to sleep lol Raps dont deserve this JEREMY LINN!! Warriors will
Still be championship team next year Even with KD gone. They will have 30 mil to sign some bench players. Rn they got none lol Drake dropping two tracks tomorrow ? Jimmy 1st
Tom hall 2nd Payouts in onboard the two oil tankers that were bombed today unfortunately On board * Dehaan pay me $10 for the bracket lol Ill give it to you how ever Allah decides Warriors should tell the police officer to stop pursing it. They pushed eachother big deal. Get over it and move on Id assume the warriors have some influence in their local police dpt Its not like he stabbed him You really think the president of the warriors (or someone high up) doesnt have influence/ talk to someone at the local police force In todays current social media world ??????? I thought I lived under a rock Has that company completely dissolved? Weird Happy Fathers Day dylan Gsw Lakers wcf would be great Blazers have a lot of pieces in the air. Im not sold on them until we see how FA shakes out. The lakers will get blazers because with two superstars players who want a ship will go there Blazers but Im always going to be very skeptical of them until proven otherwise. This year wasnt enough for me to be proven just yet Can we get an explanation of pick swaps? What if hypothetically pels pick in 23 is better than lakers pick... can they decline the pick swap Blazers did great but we were a game 7 away from not making the wcf. Plus we played the nuggets who Im sorry arent anywhere near a championship level. Had we been in the rockets tier we most likely wouldnt have gone through without nurik. Now if we had nurik healthy I would have been all about it Im a realist not an optimist when it comes to the blazers.... too many let downs for that Also dylan nyc is where its eat. Where else can I hangout with Dehaans people the walk 3 blocks and hangout with osamas people then walk 3 more blocks and hangout with Marus arrelonos people then walk another 3 blocks and hangout with black ppl (I forgot the token black kid in our frat) At* Toronto doesnt deserve the ship Nah the Mexican dude in our frat The one that did education with Dehaan I mean how else would you have liked me to go about it Lol Out of 300 million ???????? No no I would want nurik gone also lol Thats more like it dylan Congrats Gundy on the tie. Very impressive At Brazil... thats crazy Yea not a bad trade True but they have Mitchell and gobert Id say lakers more like 6.7 depending on the rest of that roster I agree with dylan. Utah Pdx Nuggets all could be in any order Rubio is nothing like Conley. Hes not a threat to shoot Conley can pull up from three, always way more flow seperwtiom for Mitchell I agree with that Kyrie going to nets its a lock. A friend of a friend said he moved into a place in jersey city Mirtorabi* Chad the ironic part is Im
Becoming a doctor Are they high? Hes not wrong Rodney should be getting decent offers. But if we can keep kanter Im happy Maybe someone will be dumb enough to take Myers Agreed but I think hood will get better offers, and I think kanter likes how Portland gave him a chance Neymar Messi suarez and griezman on Barca. Holy hell Thats absurd Griezman yes Neymar said hes reached a verbal agreement with Barca but now has to talk to psg about a buyout Id keep him for 4/5 Thats interesting. They would be doing a LA type of thing. They wouldnt have anybody on that roster left I think he has to in order to sign a Max deal Celts had the best roster in the east Just didnt pan out Not gunna lie but there isnt a music genre that I dislike more than country But at the same time rap lately (past 2-3yrs) is also absolutely terrible. Sorry I dont care about lil lip/pump/Gucci/Habibi and his struggles through life on his songs. All I care about are beats I just want beats/rhythm. I apologize for the rant but can you disagree I agree thats an exception. Im thinking big picture here Im generalizing. And I know its wrong but just run with it Also pretty cross faded rn so that could be a determining factor So what youre saying is between 2006 and 2019 we had a 13 yr gap where it sucked Welcome to my brain Yes sir That girl is a giant Yea thats too tall. 55 and below please I thought it was Steve austin If I was dame Id do the same. Hes not a big player endorsement wise like lebron. His brand isnt a significant money maker when he leaves the nba. Take the money youre owed and the team will have to figure it out. Ethier way we always build through the draft as is so we just have to hit on a guy at the right time ? Wow Marc stein saying Deandre Jordan also Ticket prices are about to sky rocket If Kwaki stays nets won win this year KDs timetable is unknown and the nets are in no need to rush it when they have both their stars for 4 years. Id say Boston has a better shot with Kemba this year than the nets 2021 nets are title favorites tho ? I thought that was this dyslan Dylan* https://mobile.twitter.com/AlexKennedyNBA/status/1063322303788974080 I didnt read your message fully lol Butler most likely gone Jazz are top 4 contenders in the west rn HELLL YES Love isnt worth it Leonard going to lakers or raps Hes not gunna go to the clips . Hes not gunna go there when theres no other superstar and he has to play 46 min a game Its a me, Mario So does this mean kanter is gone? Can we give kanter a back loaded contract? Like once Myers is done he gets more money in the last couple of years Yea but Myers is gone. And could be a trading piece for us Myers needs to go become an IG model and quit basketball Ill slit my tongue off if he is And send it to you ? This is genius! Warriors front office deserves a round of applause He still might Warriors arent gunna keep him. Hes gunna be traded. But for losing KD they just got a trade exception +dlo Like wow And the bonus is they actually need him for the first half of the season so not the worst thing in the world if they cant find the right piece Dlo just got fucked here because now he doesnt have a say in where he goes lol Iggy to Memphis I feel like iggy is about to say fuck it and ride the bench to retire Beverly got the contract he wanted Looks like if Dragic does leave (pending this butler situation) it might be lakers if Leonard doesnt sign right Oh shit didnt realize hes still on contract If we were to lose kanter I wouldnt mind nene if we could get him for cheap Rolo is on the bucks Love isnt worth that salary. We can win without him. Plus he would cause us to not be able to give CJ max money with his extension yea that could work. But they really need a 1,2,3 more than a 4 on that squad Wwjhhaatt Wow I LOVE NEIL Now we got a pick and roll action with dame and nurik. If theres nothing off the screen dame can dish to Cj/hood in the corners or do a alley oop to Whiteside This is the best scenario. Ohh and we got Collins as a backup. Plus Myers will never play again for us. Neil olshey, GM of the year Hes gunna play his heart out because he knows hes in a contract year I feel like this means kanter is out Id still say were equal with jazz rockets nugg... pending lakers still tho At the end of the day you know they will be able to fill out that bench. They just need smart vets. And Kyle Korver Lol I feel like they wanted to do the whiteside deal so they pressured him Ethier way it would have been a win Draymond doesnt deserve max money. Everyone knows that. Any team that pays him that will be screwed for the next 4yrs Draymond is a product of the system. Put him on the Hawks and he wont be effective. Those assist numbers are purely a result of having the two/three best shooters in the game. Yes he knows how to find people but still, his stats are inflated I agree with that But he doesnt deserve 34+ a year. Id put him at the 22-27 mil range His a huge liability of offense and we saw that when Klay was KD was out Okay I can agree on that Report that KD felt like the second fiddle to curry on the warriors. Cmon did you really expect to feel like the guy on a team that was already amazing before you came lol. Steph had won mvp I believe the year before The report said that might have been one of the reasons he left lol Dam looney only 15/3 I still would like a pg to backup dame/simons Chad really want Olive Klove* If I were the Cavs I would love that trade West is stacked Chad, if you want klove dick just message him Lol Yea its all fucked up today Wonder what blazers get Looks like we got nothing? They absorbed into their trade exception??? Gundy some clarification Ahhh okay Im glad that Jake got a good contract Removed a laugh from Let's get Dwight as the backup to whiteside and have the ultimate clown show at C Dam Earthquake during summer league Thats an unfair bet Bucks and sixers are only competing against eachother. While the west has 7 teams with a realistic shot Id say all 7 teams have a shot at winning it. Obviously a lot to be determined, like whether clips/lakers gel together bucks/sixers arent like wow teams. Their beatable, each have their flaws Out of the east yes they are favs But not a clear fav over the sixers. Thank you Mark lol Clips are straight up all defensive team Rondo/pat bev both would annoy the shit out of dame. PG on CJ. And idk who on the lakers would guard CJ Anyone got a good steam? Stream* No gender equality Is it sad that Im more interested in the gold cup than the womens World Cup Yes sir Yea I like it. Pizzaro is filthy tho Wow! That was close Dam pizzaro twisted that arm WOW Dam That was filthy he just laid it off for him I may be completely off here but fifa shouldnt be paying womens/men equally. USA soccer federation should Then why are they complaining that fifa is giving them 60 vs 440 mil. This shouldnt have to do with fifa I just read that the womens made a new collective bargaining agreement recently which significantly bumped up their pay. How can they sue if they agreed upon this new set salary? I agree but the world doesnt care for womens soccer yet Agreed But to say World Cup is more interesting than a copa final
Which could have been Brazil vs Argentina is wrong Brock thats the main point The ceo of Nike makes more than the ceo of new balance Yes in the USA they are on par. But in fifa terms its not even close The Washington post article that I read said something along the lines of since the World Cup cycles are off set its hard to say who brings in more No So womens have a base salary and male dont have a salary. They are based off bonuses only https://www.google.com/amp/s/beta.washingtonpost.com/politics/2019/07/08/are-us-womens-soccer-players-really-earning-less-than-men/%3foutputType=amp Brock this is only for national games Idc about Mls or whatever the womens equivalent is No idea. Their unions must have negotiated this. It might give the USA mens more incentive to win if their salary is based off winning My thing is that I dont believe fifa should have equal pay for them. But I do agree that USA soccer should considering we are the biggest country (or at least top 3) when it comes to womens soccer and ad revenue Good to know that Im not crazy lol My buddy just brought up an interesting point Yes women have made more revenue in the last World Cup cycle since the men didnt make the World Cup What if we were to compare 2015 womens and 2014 men Id watch Field Is it worth it tho? Bron is gunna run point Idk how I feel about this because he cant guard a PG Im interested to see how this plays out WTF They want 2/3 But Winslow has to be included due to him having a legit contract value If I were the hest Id give Winslow, dragic ans herro I cant imagine they would get another better Dragic is an expiring 18 mil so thats a plus Maybe like a protected first rounder also?? I agree but Westbrook/ butler would have a better chance of doing damage in the playoffs now WPOOW New nba rule 
rockets are allowed to play with two basketballs during game Then only play one game each before we did it all over again This is absurd This is crazy. 30 blocks in NyC dont have power Its madness out here Crazy cause apparently this was 41 years exactly since the big power outage of 77 Is this the mind flayer? We need hoper I can see that look Ian ? Boxing is the most rigged sport ever. Idk what the solution is but having subjective scoring shouldnt be allowed It make zero sense how the rules havent changed. For a sport where you fight 1,2x max a yr with millions of dollars on each fight youd think they would alter the scoring People need to grow thicker skins Wheres the 1940s football coaches whod yell at you and belittle you in front of everyone then make you run laps until you passed out ?Always wanted to be in Death Valley Thats was yesterday mark Late news there Mr trump https://www.instagram.com/p/B0bRhywHMYP/?igshid=1cdal1q8intqu Keep LA away Thats not a bad contract for green. 25 mil is perfect They should suspend the WNBA over this Unacceptable behavior It gunna be competive.... but we should still win Wow Is he on the roster In the video of Conor it looks like its day time I got an eye https://streamable.com/8zh8h Boogie acl injury Why? Wow! Wow inn out Thats hurtful Best burger (fast food) is burgerville tillamook cheese burger. Ohh I really miss those Never knew this Dubov Maybe thats why their burgers are so cheap... alterer motive In n out is better as far as price. But burgerville for 5-6 bucks more has a better burger Wow Im so confused. Is this real ? Who told him he can act? Whomever it was needs to check themselves into a rehab institution What happened to med school Real question is he the next Floyd maywether or mike Tyson? ?? Yea a good amount of people dont know chad out here We are also educated ppl I think the only person what wouldnt be able to do it is Clayton. He may not know the liberal
States Rengel youre argument is exactly what people from the Ne say. Why do I need to know where Oregon is, its useless lol He for sure has CtE or hes just always this egotistical God I love penis But only yours. Renge Very interesting Mark Ill take $10 on bears +3 plz Nfl >>>>>ncaa will ever be Just like nba >>> ncaab -3* ? College sports were great when I was in college/ right after college. But after that it just doesnt do the same as professional sport teams do for me on a weekly basis https://www.instagram.com/p/B2E7SiVF5Va/?igshid=rllamw7v5uq3 Is this his mixtape to get into D1 ball program NYC streets know me ? AB released USA LOSES!!! Marks lets gamble baby Ill take Vikings +3 $10 And colts +3 $10 each Thank you sir Im so confused I need a diagram or a video to explain this So it passed? That leg looks really good I couldnt tell that he had surgery. No atrophy I mean we have a nice squad. Only question mark is Whiteside He could be a AB pt 2 Tell cam Long socks died in 2016 No no. I stay far away from fantasy basketball HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA I have a dream to someday become an actor/writer 
I have a dream to someday become your doctor
I have a dream to someday become a professional boxer ^those are Sams dreams lol ? I wonder what kind of cars they will bring ESPN: Antonio Brown signs contract with Kansas City Chiefs - Adam Schefter: http://t.co/YBxzFZXuX5

The saga continues.

http://t.co/YBxzFZXuX5 I thought youd appreciate that Everyone should go skydiving NBA doesnt matter until January Its football season I mean chad isnt wrong Most ppl in this chat can do that... its not a crazy trick Sticky gloves or not. Its a clear majority can do that Ill take Texans and rams if anyone wants action ? Nobody wants action? Nba season starts January But Im excited as well. Its full blown ducks/hawks season 1000% As Ive gotten older, sports dont matter. Its for my enjoyment. So I tune it when its enjoyable. Nobody likes losers Coach Dehaan taught me that winners only matter Wow talk about personal shots Im The skip bayless of the group Ive accepted that role. The man is on tv still He makes over six figures But it looks like Dubov is not getting free healthcare ??????? .... Rengel thats something skip would say You just proved my point Ehhh I domt think thats how it works Anyone wanna gamble tonight? Im feeling jets $10 Lets ride. I got jets This could be a very dumb bet. But I need a reason to watch this game Just rmr Im basically still in college Buff streams?? Idk if this was posted earlier https://www.instagram.com/tv/B37cqvjJPeq/?igshid=fk521k00llum He was hiding something. A diuretic is used to water down your urine (for peds sake at least) You dont accidentally take a diuretic. Those are used for like heart failure or pulmonary edema/ fluid The auto accept if I rmr correctly was only for in state kids True I assume they have to accept a certain percentage of in state tuition in order to keep funding alive Oh and they loved the out of country Asians and Arabs lol ?? For my year it was 3.2 Or 3.25 Because I rmr I barely made it Cam youre a yr head of me Lol I somehow got waitlisted at uw with a gpa of 3.2 Diversity ??????? Id say Oregon is a safety school. 
Like Portland state is a commuter school. Oregon is a safety school and uw is a top tier school It comes down to how much their name means in the country. Thats how I would clarify safety Uw, cal, ucla those are all top tier programs in the country But lets be real it doesnt matter where you really go in undergrad 100% can Cam Wouldnt change it ever Who the hell is this guy Oh god hes country music. Clayton I know thats youre thing and you my take on country Your thing and you know my take on country * Is the range from nickel back to Kenny chesney Or are we talking about odexza to Kenny chesney Woahh. Now you got me interested Dubov. Sorry to break it to you but idk who ethier of those ppl are I love getting people triggered But please refrain from using automatic weapons Wow! Range Rover, good for them They should thank us for the new carpet He popped that shit It depends on if hes had it before If he has had multiple ones then its a short recovery. In normal ppl time its like 1-3 wks. But if this is his first then 2-5 weeks. But then again these players dont go by normal standards lol Only reason I know this is because I saw someone with it this week lol And I asked the doc Oh thats sexy Going to the nets game tonight Anyone want the pacers? Need something to root for Yup Just saw it live Idk Im in the 300 lvl lol Give him some opiates and bring him back on the court I paid for these seats I wanna see a game Why did no one gamble againist me You might have won Ill still take any takers Give me the live line DAM he spelled my name right lol Does a protocol exist Welp there goes herbert So he went down. He got hit below his knees but he got back up Anyone feeling any nba lines today Ill take the Knicks, Dallas Maybe the jazz, big maybe No one bets on here anymore huh Yall with you betting apps ??????? Thats too big of a line Ill take ya chargers $10 I think you want to gamble right Ian Happy birthday sauce! Fuck being in NY. I cant bet online If anyone wants to do some bets lmk Ahhh interesting So are there any other sites that are good besides bovada and action network? Dope thank you sir Do it I want to gamble now lol Mirtorabiho@gmail.com Didnt get it Dubov Dubov how do you cash out? It says the min is $500 for check lol Yea this is impressive I went back to bovada Their payouts are better No money Houman. I dont need you guys anymore Until I lose my money by tonight lol Crazy how he gets 10 games but emid gets like what 1-2 games for the fight It should be the opposite Ohh Can I predict how many shots he takes... at least 27 shots one game Melo is a cancer and hes about to take over the blazers Hes done this to every team hes been on post Denver. Were gunna need some chemo therapy soon I hope he gets cut by this time next week He is going to mess up the locker room. Do you think hes going to listen to dame? This is like saying oh you have cancer. Okay well keep drinking alcohol and smoking cigs. You will die quicker Well* Oh you think melo
Is going to play D LOL we just got hood back We lost because dame didnt play like dame Cj is also playing terrible The whole season. He is missing shots he has been normally hitting If hood was out like zack then yes I would agree with getting melo. But not when hood just got back You think melo is going to require guarding His shooting percentage will be worse than cjs You gotta remember this is melo, who doesnt hit open 3s Who takes wild shots.... this isnt melo from Denver But ethier way. We will see how it turns out Its been 12 games!! Congrats! And he hasnt played for 12 months That says more than anything else 30 teams all Said no to him Dwight personality is diff. He is much more passive Melo is cocky, always has been. He thinks hes the greatest player Terrible throw Where is kai? Gundy Im
Not in fantasy Yea you did lol I just declined it Lets protest I thought we had the chat so we could gamble Where is Ruben Patterson the Kobe stopper. Except that melo is his own stopper How about 23mm? Yea I dont get what the incentive here is besides money for the organizations and players Iike the champs league and Fa cup etc have desire because of their history This makes it even more meaningless tho What do you get for winning? A trophy, some money? Thats value means nothing Its value * Winning an nba championship means more. Their trying to make it like Europe but what they forgot is that the EPL is one division in English football. So the FA cup is like a country cup where you have all leagues competing. The nba doesnt have that Yea but whats the value of the tourney The title This title means nothing I agree with chad 5 game series and with Brock. Decrease the slots to 12 total. But we all know that will never happen because thats less games ? Dinner of champs Not a bad movie. It just takes a long time. Im on day 2 of it lol Harden has almost as many points as the hawks rn This is absurd ? And hes shooting 66.6% Lets go! Money on the nets +4 Why 6.50? Lol Ill put $10 on it Lets do it The nets are nice Great fucking game Im in SF right now. Leaving tonight back to nyc. So lmk when you want to kick it Yea I know lol. Cam/Ian if yall wanna watch the raps/clips game tomorrow night at 7. Id be down Down. Tell kimball also Ive been looking for meet an oB gym resident Gyn* ? The happiest man today Wow matt Youre a fat ass You should have been on top of her the whole flight Us at the superliga only need 5 min. Not 45 min Did she give you the I want a neck massage look You should have given her the I want to join the mile high club look Matt my question is how do you follow this girl? Can we go back to my question tho. How do you end up following this girl on IG? Stalker? Just grow a beard out, be brown and mouth boom youll get whatever you want ....Matt you still never answered my first question Matt who the fuck Cares I swear people in this chat have gotten too soft Yall care about peoples feelings too much She needs to next to not get C class next time. Maybe she shouldnt be drunk, high or late to getting her boarding pass next time Be more savage like Isnt Clayton married!? ???? Does anyone have an Nike employee pass? Dubov I think Dehaan has one for me. Thank you sir tho This looks amazing From ballers to this Bruh that tweet Its called Ralphs in NYC BEAST MODE Man how are there no sports on today Anyone like the the clips tonight? I want $20 on lakers? Mark? Money line? Ill take it mark. -2.5 lakers $20 The latter Its my Christmas bonus Theres a long way to go Oh wow Brock are you doing that this year Happy birthday Ian!!!! Man if only melo would get injured Anyone like Clemson todays Today* Mark Ill tickle my whistler Whistle* $10 plz I dont think that was a shove Ref should have moved out of the way. The ref must have not been laid in the last year lol Lets go bulls Bills Gorgeous Nothing will happen I will haunt you Brock Yall are just brain washed by American media Just like Iranians living in Iran are by their media My god MELO thinks hes an all star again This was worse case scenario I just dont want melo on this team Ukrainian airline crashes as its leaving Tehran airport Upon takeoff ... due to technical difficulties I dont like the source on that info Al hadath My lord these last 2-3 days was legit a set up between Iran and USA. Iran legit wanted their commander dead, told USA about him and they finished the job. Iran strikes back by firing missles and kills/injuries no one. Im sorry but I smell a set up here. Both countries win because they feed their media nationalism and the people feel prideful Ridiculous Yea Lets not forget this commander was legit a genius. He pretty much single handily thought of a plan to stop isis in front of Putin. Iran knew this guy could overthrow their govt via military coup Im not saying trump had any idea of what was actually going on. Im saying through intelligence this was done It was a win, win for both countries. Iran couldnt kill the commander because was he loved by the people The only way the Iranian regime will be gone is via another country (yet to happen), the people (theyve tried multiple times and failed) or military coup (which couldve easily happened since the commander was loved) Exactly Dont believe what is being said on the media. If Iran wanted to kill they would There will never be a war between these two countries. Both are way too powerful to cause massive destruction Chad look at it from the other side. The people of Iran are also fired up. These are the same people that have been pushed the poverty because the govt screws them over But for a moment they didnt care. And became prideful of their country What a catch Omg Crazy how all that ww3 shit died out real quick. Americans might be the dumbest people on the planet for not knowing what is actually going on in the world Anyone liking Clemson tonight? Brock I want LSU -5 -6* Done Brock were doing 5 I trusted Brock to give me the right line Ill take Clemson +5 for $10 Sorry LSU* Nvm. Back to the original Brock you want another 10 0.00% Who wants sf -7.5 I want gb! $20? Lets go 