Omg I love it Man this is peak poppovic Nba is lit!!! Wow rocking price from espn on the blazers coffee habits! Fun! Houman you working tonight? Nice Same Its kinda perfect because I have to work til 8 Dude that place is huge! Whens the housewarming party!? Lol I hate that guy so much Lol did the hawks cover? +2.5 right Hows jersey city Houman? Lol I made t down to Harlem to watch it at a Seahawks bar and it was depressing Lol Man Thats amazing Yeah Seattle sucks on the road I thought wed take care of business against Dallas But we were doomed That last text drive was brutal Touchdown Two 3rd down pan interference callas Gave up a 15 yard scramble on 3rd and 14 Yeah nfl sucked this week I guess Ill root for the chargers now Especially himself** Ahahahaha damnit lol Well Ive read so many damn articles about it Had to at least hear the song! Honestly any time a musician gets accused of something heinous I have to at least Hear it I guess lol See u in the finals pussies ? So weak Have any of you guys ever been to the nba store in NY? ? Its 3 levels lol It has everything ? I was thinking a jersey But they didnt have Richardson ? ? Lolz Yo boys 5-Feb Zers heat Whos in!? Unreal Boys there are hella cheap tix to the nw That feb weekend Before the blazers heat game Who will be around? Damn whats going on in Atlanta? Whoa No shit? Howd you manage that? Ahahahaha Dont rock the boat too hard Still a sweet deal Atlanta is one of this countrys finest cities Yo can I get heat +8.5 @ bucks tonight? Did the blazers defeat the Sacramento kings last night!? They will tonight after the pound Milwaukee! Its a beautiful thing Representation is so important Im finally feeling seen. Lol u had to jinx it bro Honestly though Theres this account guy at work Who rocks this water bottle That just looks like a bud light can Like a tall boy I love it so much It makes me so happy seeing him use it with confidence early in the am Wow great joke Houman Lol I went to magic city once I was with Mitch! Honestly it wasnt that special So its Giannis vs James? Harden Also can I start gloating about miles bridges yet? I dunno he was my dude I feel like balmer is gonna bring the clippers to Seattle I dunno Seattle is getting a revamped stadium and an nhl team The clippers are going to become irrelevant again He wants to be a local hero Rams 50 Man those blue and white rams helmets are legit This is so soft Half a fucking yard Do you really trust your defenseless than you trust your o to get half a yard? Mark that half point you scammed me out of is about to save your ass Good job Omg!! That was like So dope lol Holy shit! Wow! Its good for 50 Thats for sure mark! Damn my call was Rams pats At the start of the season But Im going chiefs In the picks challenge Whats going on? Something wrong with the chiefs kicker? Omg! I know I guess he Hulu one is legit If theyre key tot he story they shouldnt be producing the doc exposing it lol Cam! Will you be in Portland that week? The heat blazers game is the 5th Mark? :( Oh lol I thought that meant you were going up Ok u in mark? Man George Bush was a piece of shit But he dodged the fuck out of that shoe I know Totally unfazed Pretty remarkable throwing too So nimble That man Had dodged a shoe before Brock do you wanna go to the zers heat game? Nice Dope Hell yeah Want me to get here a lil baby heat outfit from the nba store? Bro kd wakes up in a cold sweat every night Freaked out about the blazers continuity I feel like okc is so close to Texas though Yeah Im with you mark Lol I got asked to interview today In KC Go chiefs? Man Fucking crazy how good Indiana is rn lol Would you guys want Conley? Or gasol? Y not? You dont think dame and Conley Would work? Lol Ill go I did bring up Indiana last night And none of u replied Ugh Dipo :( Yeah I dunno what the deal is with Boston It seems weird theyve been inconsistent this long Sucks about Indiana Looked like the east was actually pretty raw This super bowl sucks I hate both teams Man I fucking hate myself for this but I dunno if I can watch the rams win a super bowl Ive just hated them so much since they used to knock off Seattle in the hasslebeck days So my preseason pick was rams pats but then I bitched out and took the chiefs in the picks challenge Do I still get to brag? Wait still at Nike Dubov? :( Adds up! I mean the facts are right there in front of me Lololol Dude chad I just remembered this Remember when we were living in that spot over the summer And some psychopath completely lost his mind And smashed up somebodies car Like smashed the windshield and everything That was nuts! Wait was that the weird beer hoodies thing? When they made that horrible video? And only like 10,000 townies showed up Does that video still exist? Didnt we basically get scammed with that too? Man all the craziest shit happened in college And like I was so unfazed by it at the time Like if that happened now Id be freaked out for like a week Lol were you not concerned about like the 5 other drugs we were doing at the time? I remember the first time I did coke Mitch stayed up all night and smoked a cigarette with a homeless guy by the train tracks And then Mitch showed me his gun I did get hit by a car Who was there for that? I know Mark was Oh big dog was there I think Dylan saw it too Oh no! Wait didnt they offer to send the strippers back over to help clean up the house as repayment for like damages Man I didnt know it then But this is like my fav photo ever now ? From when the heat played the thunder Yo Can I bring a laptop into an nba game? Im just stuck with my backpack And I have knocks tickets tonight Lol I love this chat Lolol who puts up 7 points in the fucking pro bowl ? Lol fucking 90 dollars a ticket to watch the most putrid lineup ever assembled Yeah lots of d wade fans in the building Chinese couple sitting next to me going nuts lol Also we should get a final head count on that So we can snag tickets in bulk Or together I guess Ad to Miami Seems fair! Maybe Rodney mag rider too but theyd have to throw in Jru and some cash considerations Magruder So Ive got Dylan, Brock, Gundy, Rengel and mark and Dubov as a maybe? Wow This is a party Dubov I made that drive probably 20 times during the year of 2015 Are we allowed to start calling Lonzo a bust when hes a backup point guard on the pelicans? Hahahhaah Yeah Messed up man Was it racist or homophobic or both? By the way If I ever needed another reason to hate Howard fucking Schultz WON the finals Yeah hes gotta tread lightly there though He knows any package would have to involve cj He has like The worst environment To mature Ever Smoking cigs and playing pool In a bar Is still the best I dont really smoke anymore But Id be blasting a few if I was with you Dubov Yeah at least in Denver You get a fun and likable second team Ahhhh No thats fair Kinda nsfw but a must watch! https://twitter.com/p4u1_13/status/1089994767709208581?s=12 Omg The Knicks How!?!?!? Lol this is a weird wrinkle in the Deandre Mark Cuban saga Lol Tuesday Is going to be so lit How deep are we rolling? Omg NC state Scored 24 points In a game Thats a ranked team ladies and gentlemen Va tech Rooting for Brady Cant believe myself But I cant watch any nfc west team win ? Bc u didnt get Kristaps? https://twitter.com/brandonspikes55/status/1092106299683336193?s=20 Lol thats like the first tweet under Hahahaha I bet you guys are shittin bricks with the heat coming to town! ? Just a casual 16 point home loss to the bulls Happens to everyone! Damn mark Where you at rn!? Im on the subway Thats impressive The bud light ads are the only ones Ive liked so far My old agency in Miami has 3 spots this year Shoutout to getting fired! This is probably the stupidest meme I have ever seen Dylan There is no physical substance I consume in any capacity That cant be traced back To growing shit And that is in no way a revelation Whos floor can I sleep on tomorrow? I prob wont get in to Portland til around 5:30 Is that enough time to pregame? Lol guys I cant lie This weather has me a bit worried If my flight gets delayed Im pretty screwed Lol Lets hope Ianthomasholmes@gmail.com Ill be at king street station at 5:50 Two for Tuesday? Man I fucking flew from nyc to Seattle And am now getting on the Amtrak To watch the heat get trashed Fired up! Also are any of you guys driving to the gameor the bar before the game? I just need somewhere to toss my bad Bag* Yes sir Im banking on Dylan here Or big dog? Tho I want as few of you driving as possible Bc I want to see your rosy red beer cheeks Out in full force Ayyyyyeeee my sales boys ? Dope Lol soft Where did I live before that!? Yeah those mosquitos will get ya! God I miss Miami I hope I get to move back one day Goddamn Im hungry The fuck is this monstrosity!? ? I would eat that tho Theres a fellow heat fan next to me on the train What time you guys want to meet at the bar? Ok cool Ill just catch you guys at the bar then? Man I forgot about the Amtrak crowd Im giddy to get in! This Amtrak ride has me feeling all sorts of nostalgia rn Everyones filing in! I hope you guys plan on imbibing post-game I got one too! Remember when your owner died!? Roasted! Its basketball season! Wut? Well Man good riddance tj I rode for that guy too Fuck man Im gonna miss The man with the golden arm Should be called The man with the worst nickname is basketball I hope this is part of some cap dump to land someone big Why the fuck do we need Ryan Anderson Man I will never forget In 2019 When the heat came to town And imposed their will against the blazers Left the city in shock God this feels shortsighted by the pelicans Whos gonna wanna play for them? I dunno if Id bail on the heat if a team came to Seattle Sixers tho! Man Boston really god the floor ripped out from under them Lol Wut Whats going on in Portland tomorrow? Lol Seattle is supposed to get 10 inches of snow Im worried Im trapped in Oregon! #SelfCare ? Well Im about to get stuck in the nw til god knows when Good call Im at laughing planet! Brings me back! Where are you Gundy? I dunno I might snag this spirit flight lol 7 hour layover in Vegas I guess I could go mess around in Vegas for a bit KD to the kings! Wow so refreshing to watch the warriors get suffocated by a gritty eastern conference defense Heat are the future of basketball Seriously though heat warriors is ?? leave pass rn 1 point game in the fourth Oh baby! J Rich!!!! Fuck kd Man I thought waiters had it Philly is unreal tho I saw that What is the superliga stance on such an article!? Its part of a six part series Lol I know Lol you cant have your cake and eat it too Zion should be the number one pick but if he sucks you heard it here first! ? Bro I remember back when my starting 5 was David Wesley, Bobby Phillis, glen rice, Anthony mason and Valde Divac Vlade* Also lol Who the fuck would pick this iteration of the heat To jump on the bandwagon I dunno its cheap? Lol I know some ad people that work vayner media I dont have any I doubt hes that involved in the day to day Its an ad agency Sorry guys I shall spread this holy news! Hell yeah! Oh so that kid is Milwaukee HAS to be white!? ? Lol I figured https://www.theonion.com/national-geographic-increases-ideological-diversity-b-1832592053 Damn thats kinda dope Lol a huge free agent that was cut by the Knicks Bro only 2 sets from bassnecter!? Im sorry but thats not enough I need all the sets from bassnecter Nectar* :( God man The warriors are the worst How cool would it be if they didnt exist Guy why are u mad? ? Im v confused Did u guys know that At least according To the squirt Queen Who frankly seems like a reliable source That most squirting in porn Is actually pee? https://jezebel.com/it-is-definitely-pee-the-ecstatic-pedialyte-fueled-ar-1832543103 Lol Counterpoint Wow Who is having sex tonight? Liga poll Lol hows that okc bet going? Omg Lebron always wins lol So the the Jessie smolett shit was indeed a hoax? Im just pissed Thats I feel like we all Kinda knew that Sheri was fishy Well I guess Im not pissed lol That shit* Honestly Ive never had an edible That I like Would eat if there werent weed in it My point is The purpose for me Of eating thc Is not to enjoy the snack Lol Houman am I ever getting my fantasy money? Third + reg season champ Thank you Houman! U wanna watch hoops this week? Ill use it to pick up a tab ?? Id watch unc Duke I flew in from Chicago this am Im trying to sleep for like 15 hours After work No I go there like every other week I did one interview with Havas in Chicago but Im not really feeling it Hahahhaha This is insane lol Its like hard to spend 15 But for what its worth Jordan, redick, Vince carter, grant hill and sheed Wow guys U cant say Oliver maroney didnt call this Oh man like half my office went to Syracuse Should be interesting! Sounds at least initially like it wasnt really his fault The guy who hed hit had just been an accident and stepped out of his car into traffic. This is absolutely the dumbest crime ever conceived lol Lol dude empire was a huge show people already knew who he was His career is over Nobody is giving this guy work again There is such a thing as negative publicity Even if a show runner or director would be willing to cast him He fucked over all the networks His ass is grass Not to mention the entire city of Chicago wants to ACTUALLY beat his ass. This is the dumbest take of the century He wouldnt be if it happened in 2019... Dude Harvey Weinstein is now a household name That doesnt mean he boosted his profile Totally But being solely associated with something very negative Is not good Maybe he can be in like a reality tv show later I think if he made a false statement And t got out of hand Maybe But he carried this out for like a month He went on USA Today Hes still trying to claim its legit! No one is gonna touch this guy and this is the only thing hell ever be known for Also unless youre claiming he was trying to get caught He is in fact like The worlds biggest fucking idiot Not a genius Not to mention Its sounds like This was his second attempt at this Since he sent that letter Hahah dude no! I do t think you realize how upset people are over this And every time MAGA supporters bring this up to legitimize there own victimhood Which will be every ten seconds People are just gonna get pissed off again Also saying he got caught lying on purpose Is some straight up Alex jones shut Shit I mean the world will keep turning But nobody is gonna support this guy Black twitter aint taking this too well Real life isnt taking this too well lol The only things hes done is cement himself as a MAGA supporter talking point over the next couple years I think if he goes to jail And then gets out People would accept his apology maybe But that is A hell of a long play Im not advocating for jail time for non violent offenders personally But thats the only way I can imagine anyone coming around No they actually did all that he just paid them to One of the many reasons the cops were suspicious about it Was when they went to the scene our man Jussie happened to know where all the security cameras were There very well could be a video of them acting out the fake assault And if there is I deeply hope they release it! Lol downtown Chicago is a lot of things MAGA country is not one of them Ha Matt I saw that and assumed it was an ad campaign Haha that just seems like something Id see in an advertising deck Lets make a major character into the CEO Followed by a photoshopped image of the New York Times with that headline https://entertainment.theonion.com/jussie-smollett-arrives-in-court-wearing-full-body-cast-1832800613#_ga=2.254122126.70174109.1550792285-403527077.1550792285 Eastern conference playoffs Are about to be so raw Straight up 5 teams that could go Milwaukee, Toronto, philly and Boston I guess not Indy Sucks bc with dipo maybe I think its Milwaukee Theyre fucking 44-14 Thats interesting Brock I would say its either Toronto or milwaukee But I can see Lowry choking again I think Boston is the dark horse Very wise Dylan My all time fav movie is a tie between the beer hoodies promo film and the popsicle masturbation film that got David Wendt punched I mean the beerhodies video reigns supreme in regards to cultural relevance But we cannot discount the fact that DeHaan punched himself in the face That was v special Dustin mertens > mike Tyson But how dare we even discuss this!!!! Theres oil in the gulf This is all a big Dustin mertens joke If you know you know Did someone say AD CAMPAIGN!? Hahahaha That kills me too Whelp Glad we could help break their longest losing losing streak in franchise history Tyler Johnson revenge game It doesnt make any sense! They are just fucking terrible at home now This Dwayne wade farewell tour is not helping things From a wins and losses standpoint Oh man https://deadspin.com/clippers-broadcast-crew-jokes-about-what-robert-tracto-1832907977 I respect your commitment to this burn Rengel Oh sorry my other chat It warms my heart how defensive you got Dubov Wow Dubov This chat Is not why you wake up every morning Man that would be hilarious if trump was played by a serious Alec Baldwin in the inevitable trump biopic ? U think the warriors can steal a win in Miami tonight? Lol heat 51-26 rn 41 lol Sry The heat always play well against the warriors Dragic is so pure rn! Hes going off! Kd certified bitch D wade game winner! Way to cap of black history month! Off I know lol Thats heat basketball! He should have been? He was on the pregame inactive report Well he was announced out with a hip pointer injury At about 5 pm yesterday He is the absolute worst Lol someones going to Tokyo! Meyers Legend Lol An nba offense that very well make the playoffs Runs through Kelly olynyk Let that sink in! This sounds desperate Wish I could help you Gundy! Hows your night going? Thanks Dubov I actually loled Glad you didnt waste that joke on your other group I mean at very least He had total disregard For the broadcast dudes Def a dick move I mean maybe a missed opportunity to look hella pro at worst I think youre well within your right! Did you leave your swastika display out after a hard night of drinking again? I assume everyones watch heat hawks tonight? Trae Young a bitch Lol so I had the sound off at that point lol I was wondering what the deal was Damn you guys already own the moment? Is the conversation still up for grabs? But what about owning the conversation? Do you guys own the moment and the conversation? Bc im trying 2 own the conversation You can have your bitchass moment Thats loser talk The supeliga has matured! Whoa I will reroute and pretend I was just in the bathroom to wash my hands If the stalls are crowded x Bro me too I feel so much less alone rn When I masturbate in front of my subordinates its always an emergency for them Lol do you ever knock? Everything ok in there? I actually think Boston IS a legitimate contender If were gonna call anyone other than GS a legitimate contender I mean those are also legitimate contenders Im just saying I mean all Im saying is Boston is a threat to come
Out of the east Lol u got swept my the pelicans Boston smashed philly (better than the pelicans) and went 7 with Cleveland (better than the pelicans) I dont know but I feel very confident! Philly was completely dominant to end the season Remember They were on like record setting win streak The blazers also choked it is what it is, Im just saying Boston has earned the benefit of the doubt When it comes tot he palyoffa When it comes to the playoffs* What are the MAJOR differences? I guess well see Lol Thats a pretty goddamn loose definition of different team Its basically the exact same team performing at a statistically similar level But they got better I think the blazers are and were better than how they performed in the playoffs last year But the blazers roster is mostly the same and their growth doesnt seem drastic Yeah Denver, GS, okc and Houston I feel v confident Yall lose I think Houston is back to form Alright man I just dont see it Yeah thats what I was gonna say maybe 6 You guys have two good hoards but they have two better guards I see what youre saying with tucker But capella could also swallow Nurk up Lol he also made Hassan Whiteside look like wilt chamberlain Hassan Whiteside is capable of being a better player A bunch of friends at ///? Who!? ? I dunno Pull me by? Lol the heat r better than the lakers rn Take that Lebron Should have stayed Alex i was gonna ask you When you said you had friends at \\\ What were you referring to? Yeah Ohhhhh haha Bc of the logo I get it Lol I was confused Tbwas logo is the backlash And used three backslashes in their full name And handles adidas I know theres like a tiny Portland office Wanted to know if you knew people who worked there Ill do both Just landed in Kansas City Man Landed in KC Took the Uber to a jazz club Some guy bought me a martini People in KC Love to hype up KC Uber driver was firing off the facts Lol I grew up in the northwest Im v familiar with the insane sense of superiority, and baseless belief that the rest of the country is jealous However I dont think thats the vibe in KC Man one time I was drunk And peeing And drinking at a bar And I took a swig of beer Only to realize It was someone elses old toilet beer Low moment for sure Any love for Russell Westbrook in PDX this morning? ? I remember the major smash mouth cameo Actually Would that even qualify as a cameo? Man am I the only one in the superliga with a tattoo? JA Morant takes? Thats not a take Dubov Cut out this reasonable shit Good take Rengel Oh I think He will be good, but dont be surprised if he is bad! We need to eliminate but I wouldnt be surprised From take culture Its an auto hedge Sco ducks There will be riots in the street! Im praying for a heat bucks series So I can go to Milwaukee for a game I cant decide between getting behind the candidate(s) I agree with most on policy, or the one(s) I think have the best shot at beating trump. I dont like Kampalas politicssuper centristbut I think shed do well in the debates. Not at all! How could he be!? That was my initial thought U know as soon as that guy went on tv he got doxxed to the max Prob would have happened immediately If real Yeah it seems a little off tbh Yeah That feels more legit Lol lets hope this isnt becoming a thing I mean does the guy have a ton of MAGA tweets Or does the one time he publicly supported it Just happen to coincide with a racist Westbrook burn Sorry Gundy You got got Did anyone say that? That doesnt make the tweet real lol Lol i def think Russell has a reason to liehe was on camera saying Ill fuck you up and your wifebut Im a hundred percent with you mostly because this guys frankly just seems like the kind of guy that would yell that shit. I also dont see why hed react like that out of nowhere It really is the hat I mean arent we pretty much in the know about russels version of what he said? Get on your knees like youre used to? I mean that probably warrants his response I believe all this! Im just wondering why were arguing about what was said to Westbrook When Westbrook told us what was said to him! Its a fucked up thing to say in 2019 Well Any year But there are no more excuses Westbrook prob should have left the wife out of it And then no one would care But he was prob trying to emasculate him back? Actually! It definitely is! Also I think people have been targeted by racism in their lives, have a good sense of whos a racist Without having to hear specific racist language Man everything has to be so goddamn polarizing The guy is obviously a piece of shit Got what he deserved Westbrook should have left his wife out of it Assuming she wasnt screaming at him as well Is there anything else to this? Well fuck her too then! Its just a perfect storm of a price of shit heckler meets someone with a notoriously hot temper. Whelp Jags are going 7-9 Boom! Lolol a ban from the arena Just in time for playoffs! Holy shit! I think you go after Odell if you can get him Hes such a beast when healthy U guys know this number? ? Lol its an old coke dealer from when I first moved to Chicago who only has my name through Snapchat Yup Soso Id say Man It all worked out for earl You might as well correct spuds while ur at it. U miss the bay? That looks awesome Did Jussie Smolletts ingenious plan include getting indicted for 16 felonies? Yeah he and Blake griffin have natural acting ability I BELIEVE! Gundy thats your buy theyre dissing! Boy* Is that true? Ok so all Im reading is the conclusion bc I can only care so much But he seems to flatly acknowledge That other studies have drawn different conclusions. Also, making adjustments seems to at least be proven to be beneficial on offense I dunno why that couldnt be the case with d I know but to buy that its this is true across the board Id like to see this study but only amongst the best teams Im also a little confused by the the difference between increased short term performance and momentum The hot hand is just something you can feel when youre playing When youre confident in your shot You shoot more effortlessly I also agree with chad that their are forces that exist in sports that are tough to quantify Look at the raptors the last few years lol Theyve been statistically dominant But everyone knew they would choke and they always did Thats like a band name Is one of the worst jokes But The hot hand Is actually a cool band name Cute streak Detroit! ? Dwyane Wades last reg season game Is in Brooklyn https://twitter.com/caitiedelaney/status/1105521970060259328?s=20 Ha Im not sure anyone thought The world was gonna like Literally end https://deadspin.com/hardcore-grizzlies-fan-proposes-to-girlfriend-by-asking-1833278797 https://sports.theonion.com/jazz-reminds-fans-racist-homophobic-language-has-no-pl-1833333827#_ga=2.135387249.1531674402.1552683708-648557378.1552683707 Mark Brisbois vs Steve Blake Who u got!? ? Chad this is a very smart take Have you been doing brain warmups on the internet? Heat lose by 15 Wut? Omg hahahahhah I totally missed that! Congratulations!!! God man Im so fired up for you Omg bill Walton transitioning to the New Zealand story and Dave Pasch just saying nothing So uncomfortable Man Lebron James is just like Completely irrelevant rn Thats so wild! Rengel, Houman, any others Link me to your brackets! I wanna play! Done Heat +5.5 with no Westbrook tonight ?? ?? Heat hot rn! Man I cant wait to go to a playoff game this year PG is the man tho Welcome back James Johnson! https://twitter.com/Bdell_1014/status/1107424990733971456?s=20 This legit? I place tremendous value on winning eight games in a row Lolol Homie hook me with that link How much? Mark how much? Lol wit I paid Mark Fuck u Mark pay Houman Hey Mark May I have my ten dollars back? Hahaha fuck you mark Man I miss hoops gambling Havent dont it at all this year Hey Gundy I made five thousand dollars In one playoff season Get back to me #NeverForget Lolol but I got smoked the next year Yeah didnt I pay you like 600 bucks last year lol :( The worst was that stupid browns Steelers tie How you feel about Florida Nevada? Straight up? Whats the line Dubov? Gimme two! And youre on I will take any bet that somebody wants to put on Nevada -Alex Dubov I had them in the final four but I bitched out I dunno Dubov, up to 50? ? 2.91 GPA represent! Haha no college Lol I was just looking at my transcript For the first time in ages I did not apply myself my senior year! Brought back a lot of memories of skipping all my classes to sit on the couch at BPP I wonder if I even went to half of my classes senior year Would u guys want the 1 & 1 in the nba? It would make the end of games way more fun But also result in a lot of intentional fouls Thats bold Amen! Damn chad Im inspired I wanna buy Milwaukee playoff tix now But I cant be sure theyll be playing the heat! https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.wtxl.com/news/police-florida-man-worried-about-vampires-intentionally-burns-down-his/article_da37be2c-093c-11e9-b150-1b29f7dd112f.html%3f_amp=true ? Whats the meme here? Jus saw Us Just I dunno still processing Get out was super direct with its messaging This was way more art house and open to interpretation Its a beauty from a cinematography standpoint Def Kubrickesque Sure! Id say thats about right I dunno if were doing pitchfork review Ill go 7.9 V respectable but not quite best new music Heck ya! Yo Mark wut u doing next weekend? No man NYC Me you and Gundy Gundy Its time for you to stand your ground on Lavar great father/humanitarian takes You cant blame him for Gelo? Feels like he could have had a nice collegiate career at UCLA Bro You gotta quit this one Bro Yo Kansas +2 I want that shit Any takers? Bro Did u make that? Hi sons and daughters I wont be able to afford tickets to your dance recital next weekend cuz I lost a bet to my greedy friends Fuck wrong group! My b You should kill him Did you have a bad dream chad? Or do you usually wake seething at Oliver Maroney? Damn are we fucking hammering ducks -5 tonight? Man Im in love with the fact that UW gets to play North Carolina while were taking on the anteaters Did I ever tell any of you I spent a night in the LSU sig so house? Honestly they were very nice to me and also very southern There president insisted I get absolutely trashed And just ordered me shot after shot It was the night of a function Party bus and everything lol I think its def a knock off Something is amiss Yeah Its attached to a gas station Have you guys seen bud light orange? Yeah fuck the anteaters! Yeah but let not go to the oregon bar on the lower east side That place sucks Yeah! We gotta beat the anteaters first yeesh! What the fuck is this! God Amin! Football Guy Yeah I saw it I wanna see it again if that helps Ha no way Arrested for trying to extort Nike! Aw man I wanna throw down 100 Win 10k lol You laugh now! You and me both Lol huge game tomorrow night between two Florida heavyweights Heat Magic The lead for the 8 seed hanging in the balance! Miami -5.5 They kinda have our number! No pet Carroll? Sliiightly nsfw ? Tw: walrus penis The fuck was that!? Lol can this fan shut the fuck up? At least it wasnt racist! Omg Theyre not gonna show the replay huh 2-6 weeks Weird the nets fouled there? Why are they fouling? Damn I was about ready to book my flight to Temecula I think its was when jusuf Nurk KC snapped his leg in half Jesus that was brutal Well glad I picked this as my one Portland game to watch this year You guys think its the Avenatti thing? Lol I dont support you guys being meanbut if you renamed the group to the Kevin ware superliga and invited Dubov back in I would be very curious to see what happened! But dont! Yeah thats insane! I mean I feel like thats always a risk with an injury like that Especially for a big guy Actually I blame clay on this one! Apparently dont listen to it either Well Congrats on the playoff clinch! I somehow knew this would be taken out on me! I mean Lange could step it up Hes a liability on defense Tho I dont need this energy going into tomorrows game against the magic Man for a minute I thought that was a Sonics jersey Honestly I dont watch the blazers much But Kanter is totally serviceable Theyre gonna have to switch up the way they play And youre gonna get a deep look into the mind of terry stotts Hahahaha Lolol bro he cut a deal, hes gonna have to come out and say something Is he gonna take a deal and then stick with his story? Lol god what a take Lol Gundy you have no idea, all you have is a statement from his lawyer In fact the only thing we know is that it isnt going to trial And well yes Chicago pd is a sketchy as sketchy gets Video tapes And interviews from the people he paid to stage this buying all of the things used in the attack arent Hes not going to prison bc he doesnt deserve prison time for a first time non violent offense And the DA is not a sociopath Not bc all of a sudden his story holds up He did community service and forfeited his 10,000 dollar bond Lol whats frustrating about your take Brock is that it will take at least 5 years to prove or disprove Celebrity big brother doesnt count Bro I miss jay cutler too Lol speaking of hoaxes The suns sure are committed to this devin booker scam Devon? Nah had it right the first time I really hate to see this mark But magic +5.5 isnt a horrible bet They always play the heat well Have been on fire Desperately need this game And have a decent cushion spread wise However Throw that shit on father prime! Hahahaha Oh man I might hit that just to make a night out of it But the line dropped Yeah but the line did actually drop a full point I need to think about it Yeah Gundy thats actually what I was referring to But I also kind of agree with chad Hes not good unless hes ball dominant and no team built around him will ever be good I dunno I just dont see where he fits into the league Like obviously hes talented Wow balance take chad You guys could learn a lot from chads measured demeanor Hey mark You need to take a step back Let life come to you! I didnt miss it! Man Come on! Any of u guys gonna watch this showtime docuseries about sports gambling Its called Action Yall are gonna be watching from my new bestie Derek jones jr https://twitter.com/ClayWPLG/status/1110699215171182592?s=20 Aaron Gordon vs bam on the jump ball Who u got? I think maybe outside of Miami Hes pretty beloved down there I think when he resigned after everyone said he was off to Dallas He solidified his place in So Fla lore Great game happening in Miami Fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck fuck Fuck A broken heart is worse than a broken leg Matt Its Boshs fault if we miss the playoffs He was goofing around with d wade at the end of the game while it was 3 point game They went on a run while he was guest commentating Life comes at you fast! Guys its gonna come down to heat nets in Brooklyn on the final night Look at Brooklyns schedule ? Look at sponsored links by Taboola! But youll NEVER know how low tickets are If I made an ad that could potentially be offensive to Amish people Id be in the clear right? Bc in order for them to be offended theyd have to admit they saw the ad! Bc in order for them to be offended theyd have to admit they saw the ad! Which would be on tv or the internet Ie cheating! Its going in the deck! Lol screen fades to black RIP note Congrats on the sex Oh great Michael Avenatti and bol bol Wonderful Lol thats so weird! Lol long greyhound tix are literally more expensive than flights Its a lifestyle I guess https://www.reddit.com/r/ContagiousLaughter/comments/9s2sn7/he_is_having_his_revenge/ 61-60 Ducks finish it off with a big defensive stand I put a pensive 2.1 seconds into this pick! Hendrix. Contain. Macklemore. What a Rushmore! Well were a little fucked But not completely fucked! Amin! What a flop! Paul white was laughing lol Yeah I know Ill take it anyway God play of the game! Mark would know They better fine his ass! No more book stipend for you! TRUTH Is there anything in the world more revolting than that Verizon commercial with the dad and rockstar son When FaceTime on tour using their Verizon service! WOOTEN Damn man Are we one of those programs Like even when were bad were good Like Syracuse or something Bro Gundy elite 8 in nyc this weekend! The the refs really call the game differently too Lolol smollets lawyer just said that the two Nigerian brothers could have been in whiteface Seems plausible! ? The heat wont go 6-1 But they can win that 8 seed Detroit, Brooklyn, Orlando and Miami all have tough schedules I kinda ruled the Hornets out maybe that was dumb All Im saying is Dwayne wades final game is in Brooklyn April 10th And I bet somethings on the line Eastern conference basketball bitches! Get with it! This is kinda moot now (sorry) but would you give cj and a healthy nurk for Blake? I dunno man Nurk and Blake? Mayyyybe but only bc theres not many great centers Lol no one would do that straight up Drummond ?Im sorry but you guys are fucking nuts Those are huge numbers and hes a beast of an offensive rebounder Swap those two Detroit def gets worse I dunno mayyybe bc theyd have to change their style of play But I cant get past the 5 rebound difference Yeah theres a lot that factors into that tho Drummond might be the best rebounder in basketball I think for the money, most gms take Drummond Lol see u in 3 mins Nurk tends to get beasted by bigger stronger centers Yeah but nurkic aint exactly Hakeem Nurkic benefits from being on a good team Put Nurk on the pistons I doubt he had the same impact To be fair I said contracts aside Lol should I post this on r/nba I dont care about Lebron era heat My allegiance began in fall of 2014 ? Hahahaha How did willing participant do this year? Hahaha amazing Heres a stat The heat have scored exactly 8027 points this year And surrendered exactly 8027 points this year They are 38-38 You could not be more mediocre! That would be tight but this schedule isnt chill https://reddit.app.link/yqHnoWmXyV Im out Lol fuck you Ive got some decent dirt on Fernando machado! Ok let me know when to come down! ? A cool meme Only share if u can back it up (I can) Lol I think thats where I got it Prob not tbh I dunno I think its gonna come down to the Brooklyn game next wed I really think u underestimate the chillness of low expectations I wonder if the real Trail Blazers accounted real timberwolves and real grizzled Grizzlies And if so What happened Would have been cool if you had beat the fucking pistons Yeah but that one against the pistons really mattered And you fucked me man Psh Lol I mean Not my problem! Feel like young thug is owed a shout https://open.spotify.com/track/445YTBOjx9kYThBepGA9au?si=S6Jxe14zT8-sM1FUbLWwGQ What I appreciate about Wendys Is the fresh red onion they put on your burger Makes it feel like a real burger! Well Bams knee is fucked If the heat somehow wiggle their way into the playoffs Its whiteside time Fuck basketball So if the pistons lose to the grizzlies and Knicks and we beat the sizers and nets, were as good as gold! Lol Old town road is the best thing to happen in 2019 You cant deny old town road Billy Ray sounds incredible on the remix lol The world needed this Its so goddamn catchy Lol no one has a case against old town road Billy Ray raps like everlast lol https://open.spotify.com/track/0DpnAvsMsmE5MalzbLKNq4?si=lPX2jIhwTu2YAcUSGhLUGg Lol lap it up now Bc we will all be very sick of old town road In like 6 weeks Does everlast deserve reappraisal!? Its worth a discussion! Sounds like an inside job Gundy This is your story Who silenced everlast!? Lol what its like is a classic Get a job you fuckin slobs all he replied Lol yeah may Def has whitey Ford sings the blues on cd-rom! ? D-wade farewell tour hijacked our season! I dunno I feel like its just gonna be same shit new season As long as we have Richardson and Winslow By same shit new season I mean scrapping it out for the 8th seed lol Lol is Neil that bad? Drafted Lillians and cj Traded for nurk I feel like a lot of teams would kill for that lol I dunno I think its kind tight Virginia won Like when do one of the like power 6 or 7 teams not win? At least its new! ? Kind of a cool story After last year So the mariners are 10-2 Am I allowed to feel something? The mariners never left! For your gif collection Matt ? The fuck! Wont load Yeah I know So if the pistons lose to the grizzlies and Knicks and we beat the sizers and nets and the hornets lose either to the cavs or magic scrubs The heat are playoff bound! Pull the lever silver! Detroit seems determined to
Fuck this up! Im starting to hate that fucking Jeremy lamb shot a lot rn Lol bro the Knicks tank is secured No reason they shouldnt go all out tomorrow night Blake is gimpy! Also do you guys respect my miles briges call? Def exceeded expectations But not like a breakout star Lol great league pass night Fight for the 8 seed Cedi! Come on Jeremy lamb! Keep shooting that mid-range fadeaway, thats your shot! Life imitates art! Bro Emanuel Mudiay is gonna exact his revenge on d-wade tomorrow night and tank the game Shoulda gave him that jersey wade! Once again wades selfish me-first basketball derailing our season Gotta hit that magic, Knicks heat parley tomorrow night Also Rule book amendment proposition First tie breaker head to head Second Point differential Yeah who fucking cares if you won more against the West or east? Bro the magic have something to play for! 6 seed in play! Bro I hate rooting for injury But Blake out Hahahahhhahahaha Hoping I dont find out its bc of some serious personal issue But at face value thats hilarious! Yeah get em in while you can! Just dont be late So he was jacking off in an elevator? Got it. Well fuck the goddamn grizzlies Fuck this bullshit Haha not true Rengel They missed by one game two years back Also the first yeah I became a fan when I moved down there They lost on a tiebreaker Lol I saw that I mean I generally feel the anti-pc movement is sort of dogwhistley But getting upset over people eating burgers with chopsticks feels like a stretch Lol they did! I mean it didnt make any major headlines But bk took some shit for that Bro I told you I peaked in 2015 Lol I would love to put Jussie in an ad https://twitter.com/TheNBACentral/status/1114322305478463488?s=20 Sorry wrong tweet https://twitter.com/DimeUPROXX/status/1115795252642766849?s=20 Lol yeah thats Ayesha level But its not a good look for pierce Let the man have his moment Lol that is fucking amazing! Yeah people are pissed about the part of the statement that he was wrong about If I was like Barack Obama supports and personally performs afterbirth abortions and also lentils are an excellent source of fiber No one would dog me on the lentils Pistons win theyre in Pistons lose and hornets win Hornets are in Lolol d wade with the triple double Hassan whiteside with the DNP-Coaches Decision You asked me for help and then made fun of me! You should! I am broken! Lol so hows pat Riley selling tickets next year? Lol I saw that VaynerMedia Gary v scores again! Lol I doubt he has much to do with the day to day creative Lolol https://mobile.twitter.com/garyvee/status/1089692351075885056 Lol just googled Gary vaynerchuk dwyane wade Lots of really good teams dont make the playoffs Cameron! Dont be so elitist! Literally no one wrote you off Lol no one was out there saying the blazers would miss the playoffs I think a lot of people think You guy will flame out early Guys So dont do that! I mean gee Its a 6 game difference lol its not like they were saying youre a lottery team Like a real lottery team! Enjoy this moment Its the best its gonna be for a while! Gimme your series pick Also I think Ive been generally supportive of the blazers this year! Man there is a strain on fandom in the Pacific Northwestand I root for Seattle teams in 2/3 sports I care about so this includes methan just needs to feel like theyre victimized/disrespected! Like This is Seahawks fans 101 lol Haha wut I didnt realize he was my owner too? Honestly made fun of tuners dog when he/she died and I still feel bad about that Turner* Like when my dog eventually dies I wont talk to anyone for a week Lolol staying out of this one! Been going through a big guilt phase! Its been fun! Lololol nah man, just 2019 ? Seriously though we gotta do that bracket Yeah with game number included Damn joerger gone Feast like they were just turning the corner! Yeah Im with Brock These teams will trade your ass for a draft pick the second your vertical goes down by half an inch Im just saying you dont score extra morality points for having blind loyalty to a franchise that would cast you aside the minute your production declines It doesnt say a lot about you as a person Yeah but come on thats not what he was saying We all know what he meant lol Send a picture? Two questions Can I invite two coworkers to our challenge? And how much is the buy in? Yeah honestly I feel like youre only betting on the blazers thunder Yeah seriously Lol if youd rather the blazers lose than lose 100 bucks youre not a real fan! Hedge your emotions! Take the win win! Actually If you feel like thats the only series in real contention Why not do one of each? Man I cant get over the kings Lol working on this bigass McDonalds pitch Treated to trumpian feast at the office! ? Joerger? I know I know Im waiting til the last hour for Paul George updates lol I already have theirs Goddamn lol I think Im gonna say fuck it and pick the bucks lol If it were more than 10 dollars I prob wouldnt See this is a more sophisticated masonry hedge I believe in the bucks But of course I also know it will be the warriors Shoutout to Houman and I For driving the superliga at 2:49 am The city that never sleeps! Yeah man Wigging out ? Nice ass dog! Yeah August is deduction time Lease is up Might do it Might go to Harlem Might upgrade in the Bronx Depends of some factors Decision time* Lol the Bronx is chill I like it here but no one lives here and I like to go to shows And those are mostly in Brooklyn and I always end up taking like a 40 dollar Uber Harlem wouldnt be as bad tho You wasted? You work tomorrow night? Ill be in green point Green points where its at! Lol other way around! https://sports.theonion.com/kid-about-to-meet-brooklyn-nets-must-not-be-very-sick-1834012121 Lol is embiid out? Lol Fuck it! Yeah but like If the bucks do win I get way better bragging rights Than if the warriors win Thats what it came down to really Fuck you chad! ? Yeah I went back and fourth on that None of you will like this But my reasoning was you guys got swept by the pelicans with nurk So yeah basically that I mean I picked it to go 7 games Its not that disrespectful lol Great take Rengel! Nice man How was the 1975? Thats awesome man Jealous! Were you on anything when they played love it if we made it? Lol what is a Tesla Better have been a ?? meme! Philly has no discipline! Night is still young lol Where you at Houman? Do you wanna go out? Im heading to Brooklyn in like 20 Im in midtown rn First nice day of the year! Love the take Whatever that means I like it! Patrick Beverly belongs in the hall of fame lol Damn Gundy We should have gotten the ramen burger Its closed now Never got to try it :( RIP ? Eastern conference is wild lol Rozier! Lol Boston fans going bonkers for a Aaron Haynes defensive stop On brand Honestly Ill be a bandwagon blazers fan if Anfernee has his hero moment Hahahaha Man Kanter! Kant-man! Its official Giannis is Lebron now Its his league now Wonder if he even knows it yet! The only knock on him is hes not an elite shooter But was Lebron ever an elite shooter? Hes the best athlete in the sport His combination of power and instincts is unstoppable I know the pistons are a disgrace Aside from this game lol https://deadspin.com/enes-kanter-saved-the-blazers-from-getting-swept-for-a-1834036850 https://twitter.com/BradyTrett/status/1117936928622546945?s=20 Clips showing some heart out there! I hate draymond so much lol Giannis licking his chops Number one pick for Montrez harrel? Omg hes my new favorite player! 9/9!!! Ive never watched these clippers lol Byyyyeeeee Warriors are in disbelief theyre not getting calls Holy fucking shit! What did I just watch!? Dont worry cam! You didnt miss anything Just predictable-ass nba basketball Yawn I wanna make foot lockers next Fathers Day ad And its just Patrick Beverly talking about how proud he is of his son Steph Curry 100% bitchass Confirmed I know man goddamn what a coach 1. Pop 2. Carlisle 3. Rivers 4. Bud 5. Stevens? Damn yeah I dunno who I knock out tho Yeah hard to judge Kerr too Malone I mean to be fair He brought them to the next level And like you pointed out early He draws up all sorts of creative next level plays Yeah Dwayne Casey deserves a shout Yeah def I dunno where spo ranks I love spo But he needs to develop an offense Thats not just having three of the best players of his era Grinding it out Yeah but they got stone-cold giant killer Lander Shamet in return ? Oliver maroney is not afraid! Honestly thats like a parody account Whered you find this guy Lol I found his Instagram Def game followers Fake My father works for Comcast! You son of a bitch! Hahaha lol Im kidding everyone hates Comcast ? Lol honestly I cant even hate this kid ? ? Yeah hes harmless Lol had you guys not done this? Found his insta Lol I feel bad It kinda ruins it Hes too human now He just has no idea lol How much one specific group of friends Rips on him so much Lol about what Killing Patrick Beverly? Bro its Giannis time! The warriors are fucked if they lose any one of three guys As long as Giannis is healthy He can contend! Hes the new guy! Its happening! Honestly I know weve had our squabbles about the fine city of Milwaukee But then being the new team Is inarguably good for Portland, any small market team and the nba on a whole Dude Giannis was the 15th pick Like bro the bucks were like the biggest joke in the league I mean only bc of Giannis I mean if the blazers had Giannis... Who cares about eyeballs The point remains the same, they didnt build their team through a-list acquisitions Yeah I mean I see what your saying but the bucks just made people notice them Still not sure everybody did til pretty recently Honestly he deserves it He does everything Heat should reach for Kevin porter junior Well Just popped my See a homeless guy with his dick out on the subway cherry Today Quintessential ny experience Next fall? I agree that it definitely resembles a box of natural light American lager Dame deserves a way bigger national profile Pg has the most beautiful jumper Who are the top 10 1.giannis
2. Durant
3. Lebron 
4. Harden
5. Steph
6. Kawai 
7. Westbrook
8. Embiid
9. Jokic
10. Dame ? Damn I forgot ad I think that squeezes dame out I dunno Westbrook is the heart and soul He averaged a triple double last year I dont think dame is better than Russ but this series will say a lot! Yeah agreed I think hes just so exciting bc his handle is insane That player poll was nuts Like 65% of the league said Kyrie had the best handle Yeah so decisive! Damn I gotta get heat raps tix HOUMAN U IN lololol I meant Nets sixers Close! Man I hope the spurs advance Yeah lol its 150 bucks for shit seats Nvm Should go to philly! Only takes 2 hours Pop! Jamal Murray! Omg lol Hes like Steph rn lololol They just asked mike Malone If gary Harris injured his groin Malone says I actually talked to him, I think it was more, uh, in the family jewels are Will be on deadspin in 30-40 mins Man you need shooters in the playoffs Ah Dylan! Thank you for interacting with a brand! Ill take Houston ?Check out this huge zit on my nose! Driving me crazy! Yeah Dope I did it just bled No huge puss explosion :( Lakers Thy have immediate expectations and no pick Dude no one wants to play with Lebron lol Its amazing Lebron nailed it! No blame! Mark whats the line on Denver SA Can I get 50 on Denver? Dope! Lol Derrick white has 26 at the half Mark can I do 50 on the raps Thats awesome! Ok take it mark Wow I hate you so much rn Im sick Yeah chad So far Im convinced! Its an awful look Thunder Up! Who let that happen My flight at 3:40 got cancelled Got a new one For 10 Now its 1:34 I should have watched hoops with Houman lol I mean Im not at the airport Lol Lol Im not gonna lie I had some leftover blow from Wednesday (there was a big agency party) Enjoying some bumps Watching basketball intently! Lol I dont hit the slopes v often anymore Yeah lol my girlfriend doesnt party in that manor but some of the co-workers are a bit more open-nostriled! So after office party took it back to 10 Lololol In that manner* Lol Goddamnit Mark whats the line on Milwaukee I want Milwaukee and Houston Mark lines now Milwaukee and Houston 50 each? Damn mark halfway to 100 Yo this rockets game is nuts Harden doesnt have a fog going into the fourth Paul has 5 fouls But the rockets are only down 2 Third quarter just ended Yeah Lol Its an amazing thing To be gambling on Damn mark Pay up! You wanna gamble on any of the games tomorrow? I want Celtics! Ok def Celtics How many games am I allowed to bet on lol Fuck thats the other game I waned Uh just Boston for now the. Then Tempted by okc and gs Lol for whatever Reason Sour patch Easter bunnies are like 5x as sour As regular sour patch kids Lol This feels v Chicago Go into a random Irish bar Order a couple beers They say help yourself to some free ham Its Easter Everyone eating game Ham ? ? Damn Rengel Then mark must be eating lots of ham Bc Im bankrupting that bastard Lol btw mark Ill take gs and okc if Im allowed lol Lmk! Lol I dunno I love hot takes Nah I like the doors Ha Omg https://deadspin.com/report-michael-avenatti-paid-for-a-jet-with-2-5m-he-e-1834199999 God man if your committing dozens upon dozens of crimes You wouldnt think youd like seek out the public eye https://pitchfork.com/news/florida-prosecutors-to-seek-death-penalty-for-ynw-melly/ Hes bigger than youd think! Did a song with Kanye Yeah hes a solid rapper! He also ALLEGEDLY murdered his two friends and drove their bodies around in a car for an hour to play it off as a drive-by. Pretty cold! Yeah I mean I dunno what else you do at that point https://open.spotify.com/track/7eBqSVxrzQZtK2mmgRG6lC?si=fFxMdNxMTDmXe0-gHYTTtA His hit song for the uninitiated Ive always thought if they did away with likes and publicly showing number of followers It would just change everything I think they might just being thinking ahead I kinda feel this is the future of social media And it would be better to get out in front of it than have some new platform burn them down Lol yeah I mean your timelines off But yeah I feel like rn Would be a good time to hammer Milwaukee Damn Gundy you make a buck? Chad I remember that series when they beat the hornets I think its a fair deal Frank Clark was a machine And the Chiefs sure are committed to having at least one domestic abuser on staff at all times! Lines? Those arent limes! Those are lychees or some sort of melon Nah I wanted Portland and Denver Second round in the east Bout to be so ?? Damn look at Denver Oh man Westbrook is rocked He audibled a wide fucking open three into a jump pass to George in the corner Omg That was the sickest shit Ive ever seen God That was for 50 So perfect Who is at the game? Man thats as good as it gets So other then Denver SA The first round is over right? Oh gs has one more Looking like it! ? I love that he had all that time too Like he could have attacked And everyone would have been annoyed with the possession if hed missed that By all accounts it was bad clock management lol Lol Westbrook is getting murdered Lol Am I the only one who never knew about Sleepy Floyd? Concurred! Lol I just walked past jimmy butler in Central Park I was living in Miami when Fidel died Was at a heat game at the time! And I drove to little Havana after just to check it out People were going bananas! No They were going plantains! Mark lines? Who you got in a fight dame or Westbrook? I got Westbrook, hes the stronger dude but yeah hard to know ? Lets not forget the consensus baddest dude in the nba is from Wyoming! Just out of curiosity lol Why is Charles Oakley on this list? Id buy a fucking Beverly jersey if I thought hed ever stay on one team Patrick Beverly Sounds like a guy that plays polo or something Damn didnt realize he was from chi Hes from the west side Garfield Park All good Still south of downtown (I think?) Yeah Whatever you want playboy I love my bucks Ill take your money! Lol Giannis is gonna Reinvent what all of basketball is like I mean I feel you but its Giannis and bud Hes too dominant man Whos gonna stop him? Wait and see! Bro I cant wait my energy on this Im just trying to figure out how Im gonna spend your 50 dollars Maybe Ill buy like Two beers with manhattan prices lol Yeah and then step on a rat on my way out lol I know right!? U understand that Milwaukee is better than any of Lebron a Cleveland teamsand significantly better than the last 3, right? Bro you need to make peace with the fine city of Milwaukee This hate will eat you up inside! Ok Brock Ill take your money too! Dont sleep on philly tho Bro is Bostons starting 5 even that much better than Milwaukee if you remove Kyrie and Giannis? Yeah I mean Ill give you that But I actually am not sure Youre right about the starting 5 Bledsoe, Middleton, Lopez and Brogdon? Thats a fucking squad lol I have no idea what that means Or they had a fluky run in a wack conference one time But well see Please remember that the pacers are also garbage lol Post-dipo at least I know Detroit sucks so does Indy That would have been a seven game series lol Those two But 2017 Does nothing for me The east was hot garbage And they got obliterated by a team worse than this Milwaukee one And also Had a completely different roster lol I know I know Thats very fair About philly That was nuts But is time for Giannis to ascend I also think its worth noting Milwaukee went 7 with Boston last year Yeah but Milwaukee has? Im sick of Lebron Retire already! Hes just smart but bland guy lol With a bit of a (earned) god complex Lol With the Knicks Another? How old are you Dubov..... Are they? They should just do what Lebron says See if it works And if not Burn it down Theyre still the number one free agent destination And its not even close Assuming none of us die tragically young (knock on wood!) the lakers are like one of the worst teams to stitch that to to That take to* Lol fuck off You dont believe what youre saying lol Is Dylans actual take LA will never be a successful basketball city be its full of me-first basketball players who are only in it for the same Fame* God damn dude I told you to lay off the cowherd Lol owners dont matter that much (dont tell that to heat fans) So did our parent and their parents but hey Times Changin Yeah lol I actually love rovell hes a source of joy and the best comedian on twitter Although a very harsh critic of my advertising Bro the rockets can take them I know I just realized I only go to espn to check scores I never ever read articles I cant remember the last time I watched sport center on purpose Man the superliga is ?? tonight Dude I honestly think if Instagram does what they say they might do Social media will just become media I think its a great business decision Its ballsy but they wanna be ahead of everybody Lol I know! if Steve baller dies any other way than a court side brain Aneurism we all got robbed God I want the warriors the warriors to lose so bad The league would be wide open! https://www.google.com/amp/s/ftw.usatoday.com/2019/03/lou-williams-gunman-robbery-story-breen-nba-clippers/amp Uh Dylan The warriors are prob still chalk to win the title I dunno I need to do a think I mean I just adopted Milwaukee as my team for the playoffs Why not Its sort of perfect with the random Milwaukee squabble before the playoffs even started Orlando? Bro I hate the magic and I hate the city of Orlando I think Florida gets a bad rap And is straight up a top 5 state But Orlando Is the worst! I mean Im sure theres some cool parts but their economy is a theme park One time I was driving behind a car with a trailer attached Like a horse trailer And a fucking camel stuck its head out the window And it got off at an Orlando exit The camel had some stupid name Which was painted on the side of the trailer I think it was King Arthur If it helps I did a bunch of blow by myself at the hard rock casino in Tampa bc Conor and burr didnt wanna do it but it was already dumped out on the table Before this happened Cocaine and no alcohol Lol A rare occasion And was driving to Jacksonville by myself Bam Fucking camel Gundy was there then lol Oh no I was at a restaurant I remember this Honestly thats an insane coincidence lol I only did acid One time inflorida In Florida Swear on my life And I get a call from cam Juarez You Brad Schultz involved Thank you for confirming that was real! God I remember that day as well So well We brought a bong to this bar that night Just smoked it on the patio at like 3 am Staff just let it go God I miss Miami so much Lol wut? Twas the summer of 2015 I had met this hippie in Atlanta And he sold me some weed But then when he gave me the weed He just I guess to be nice Also gave me like four hits of acid And I just kinda took it and forgot about it And then my friend hit me up saying he was in SoFla So I drove back down and we decided to do the acid! I think its just Florida honestly nothing worth talking about has happened since https://twitter.com/TrapGawdd/status/1121283976423981061?s=20 Yeah go to holy world https://holylandexperience.com Unwarranted chad! Bro theres never been a more excruciating burn Than poor sport How did willing participant do? Yeah just saw that I want the clips! Bro what if Durant is quitting like Lebron did when the magic went tot he finals Houston gets at least two games Gundy Well whatever man Do you Alright man! I had a Jamaican beef patty from the bodega Gundy Next time Well get one of those Guys I dont think Kevin Durant is quitting Maybe next time well be in a new borough Me lease is up in August Lol accidental pirate talk Never re-signed a lease lol In my life Guess I did 2 years in sig ep Dude mark Jackson should be banned from commentary for all of eternity VG: he can always pick up the ball he just cant advance it. 

MJ: not by the real rules. Not where I come from. You pick that up and argue, you get in a fight over that. Oh thanks mark! Also lol Is it super streetball to be crazy anal over a (not) double dribble? I know and Doris is on the sideline Lol I love how Doris will just advocate for like murder one on the basketball court Lol Ive never seen a team pass it to an out of bounds guys on two consecutive possesions Possessions* God draymond is such a great villain Everybody hates him Everybody wants to call him washed Just dominates Totally I mean its a first round series against the clippers lol Its so fucking surreal to remember kd as a rookie sonic https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=lXtH9twcQ88 Man I hope we get a late night classic Bro I cant wait for the bucks to win by 23 tomorrow But this game is dope Ok well Why did pop animorph into Andy Reid https://mobile.twitter.com/TheRenderNBA/status/1122600611726409731?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed%7Ctwterm%5E1122600611726409731&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fdeadspin.com%2Fajax%2Finset%2Fiframe%3Fid%3Dtwitter-1122600611726409731%26autosize%3D1 I I understand the the wrist tap But you gotta let the guy land Houman u watching the game tonight? Yeah Houman I think Im down Lemme make t official this afternoon Im a night person! Yeah but your bars close at 2! Thats the one thing that gets me about the west coast I mean it really rare Im out past 2 anyway But it is so lame when its a great night and then you get kicked out at 2 Man I need to start partying with Houman I dont think Ive been out to 4/5 since I moved here I feel like pop totally overachieved this year tho But then again Derozan and Aldridge is a pretty formidable duo I guess were about to find out about Denver! Do you guys think the blazers will advance? And if so, how many games? Wow no respect for Denver at all! Man cbs has Oregon football at #10 Are we that good lol? Yeah everybody fears us after what the saw in the redbox bowl Man Danny green is gonna be kicking himself You dont get a better look than that Lol I dunno hes balled out this year Theyre 1-1 Ah man I hope we get hella game 7s U at the game chad? Bro is someone ever gonna hire heinke? Is he redeemed? It prob was lol You dont want that to work so well I got 50 on Denver Whats Jamal Murrays ceiling? Ouch! Hes gonna make u pay for that Haha wut? Mark what the hell are you doing lol Nah Mark I know u And youre no chump What you did is place a curse On Denver Should disqualify you And forfeit your bet Are the blazers better with kanter? You guys are the new suns! What if you thought it was the Lillard show but its actually the the Jamal Murray show? ? Dames national profile has never been bigger Hes like a folk hero rn Honestly I think the blazers are like Americas team rn lol Yeah I mean lol Do 5 years in the national spotlight The hammer! Mike Malone sex symbol Nice of the broadcast crew to just call Jokic ugly lol Dont worry youre not gonna be on the cover of any magazines, maybe the sports ones, not GQ Damn am I safe to cabs marks 50? Cash* couldnt stop Malik Beasley! Damn sorry you guys got linked by bootleg monte Ellis Lol goddamnit if he blows this cover Damn mark this is payback for last year lol Yeah Yeah cam Some very fine people On both sides Its gonna be a great series This is the most fun the playoffs have been in a decade Man that would be so dope But I dunno Fucking Durant man Its just up to him If he flips the switch its over And theres no option to swarm him defensively with Steph and Klay Dont piss off giannis! Game two tomorrow Lol anyway Like all these series are fun to talk about Yeah I wonder if the league has the warriors figured out more than ever before But still has to face the fact that they have the best one on one guy in the league We really got robbed of some great years when he went to GS He came
So close to taking them down with Russ Still so wild to think okc had Westbrook, Durant, harden and ibaka Lol the team have been better without Russ Literally lol Not be Russ is bad But they chose him over harden Durant and harden at this level would have been the best scoring combo in nba history Yeah but I mean I dont know if he would have ever become what he is now Unreal https://twitter.com/MrMichaelLee/status/1123067426516668416?s=20 Anyone else here think Brett brown might suck? Yeah but I think theyre gonna get stomped still Yeah I know theyre good I just think theyre good in spite of Brett brown Now the other way around They are actually good lol The west has the best team in the league but the east has the next 4 Yeah I think. Milwaukee, Boston, Toronto and philly are better than Denver or Houston? Its not that crazy lol I mean the east was absolute garbage from 4 down Yeah but weirdly they might have the best roster on paper To be fair, the blazers are 4-0 vs Boston and philly Im checking to see how these teams did against each other Ill share my results Brock does have a point

Blazers 6-3
Nuggets 5-3
Rockets 5-3 Though the Celtics really fouled that up And theyre a different team in the playoffs Celtics went 0-6 against those 3 teams Lol its been one game No I mean with Milwaukee Milwaukee went 5-1 against those west teams Yeah the first time around They also beat them by 43 Lol Its not that uncommon, she wouldnt have a chance at a criminal case Civil suits are just more likely than not Criminal is beyond a reasonable doubt Man lol I hated that My office is right next to the Venezuelan consulate and theres a big protest going on rn ? Mark Lines? Mark I will take bucks Maybe rockets tbd Ok so we got 50 on mil Sure Yes Yeee Mark is the line on Houston 5? Ahh 5.5 Ill take Houston Ok cool Theres gonna be a fight tonight lol Theyre just hammering Giannis when they get beat This game is ?? Does anyone watch these tnt shows? Animal kingdom? Claws? Hey Mark, does chad love animal kingdom? I feel like Milwaukee wants Tatum shooting as much as possible People need to stop exclaiming how wild and modern it is for a big man to make a 3 Thats been a thing since like 2000 Kris Middleton god damn I do! Yeah I like it too Its inconsistent Fear the dear is a great slogan lol The longer this series goes down The more Giannis is gonna wear Boston down Vegas knows whats up Gundy where u at!?!? Lolololol ok! Sco bucks Bro he would never betray you He has your 50 dollars in his heart Giannis>the rest of the league ???? Buck brothers The bucks on pouring it on Bud was so pissed with that adjustments question And then called dumb for saying he wasnt making any God I love the playoffs Hopefully we get a good game tonight They should do one of these corona ads of me drinking Coronas in my shitty apartment May every series be 1-1! Yeah is it just me Or were they deliberately cutting Barkley off so he wouldnt say all thats hit about the refs lol Like namedropping a past red Ref* Lol Gotta love Austin rivers lol Whats the irrational confidence all star team Nick young Dion ... Bench harden! Crazy lol The rockets were at their best without harden in the game Man Giannis vs Durant Gonna be so dope After all that man did for you The warriors are so cruel lol +5.5 lets go! For a team that bitches about the refs so much The rockets sure do get away with a lot of travels Bench harden! Chris Paul finals mvp! Lol respect Michelob ultra for pivoting to weekday drinking Man I wonder who out of this generation of hoopers Will be a good analyst Lol I was thinking the exact same thing Yeah Blake griffin could be good I dunno I honestly could see wade as like a Hollywood guy Blakes gonna get a ring one day Hes gonna join someone good Later in his career What kinda pick would he fetch? Lol duh a first Theres teams that could give them a way better deal Yeah But top 15 Hahahaha Omg That was amazing lol God bless gambling That useless 30 seconds of basketball was like the nba finals One day at a time Lines tomorrow? Ill give u gs every game if u give me bux every game Lolol what even is this Mark we should just do a one on one gambling tourney Every game 300 for the winter Winner Overall Whats the line tonight? Gawd so close to the backdoor cover last night Ill take Denver If any1 wants to gamble Guys Do you think this gig is conceptual enough? ? Mark u gambling tonight? Lol Western conference basketball! ? Me nugget! Mr Omg did Jokic just go through aminus legs for an and one 3 I dunno Sabonis in the nba is still more of a folk hero If your taking all time international hoops career I respect Sabonis but I his best season he averaged 3 assists Averaged 2.1 for his career Divacs averaged 5.6 one year I agree But you gotta do better than that lol To be top 3 Also like again With all do respect That iteration of the blazers never exactly dominated I dunno I guess most great teams got a title Who are the other contenders? Just suns and kings? Yeah I mean post mj era Like early Lebron cavs? No they got worked wayyy too much Some of those pacers teams Were raw The brands are trying! Man That dribble by Zac Collins Thats the test to who has confidence Like a lot of dudes just go up believing they throw that down Sometimes they get embarrassed But the one dribble Is the worst Lol u guys are ahead of me so I was looking for turner to make
A great play lol Poor Jokic on that one man Mark gimme toronto! Man that also Just seems fishy lol Like a perfectly exonerating text In one sentence It was me that did it. Here is why I did it. Also there is no good way to say this, but the grammar is a whole lot better than what I heard on that phone call Raptors And I hate you bc it was 1 this morning! Honestly tho I love this spread Id put as much as youre willing to let me! Lol I dunno they did stomp the raptors in Toronto Lol I just said that to make mark feel better You should bet on the raptors Nah lets just play it by ear Bro You fly with weed in your carry on Use fucking google man! You know on the west coast Weed is generally allowed through tea Tsa https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.civilized.life/articles/lax-marijuana-policy/amp.html Yeah lol well edibles are fine What the fuck are they gonna do? Take them to their lab In the back Oh well if theres no weed in here, sure you wont mind eating the whole bag! I fly with an oz or more every time I leave the west coast Yeah lol People act like those dogs sniff both As if that would be a good idea Omg hes either got weed or a bomb! Better evacuate the airport just in case Man I cant believe people like that shit lol Fucking Embiid Christ Man lol T mobile is running that mariners ad nationally Wut lol he got hammered for no reason Omg this is so wack Embiid gets away with murder Lol blazers fans are very sensitive about lower leg injuries Yeah I know lol Its bringing back old trauma It wasnt that violent he swung his leg out, draymond does that 9 times a game My point is that you guys are particularly sensitive toward this bc of bad past experiences What pascal did was wrong and deserves a flagrant And he got appropriately punished for it lol Past experiences or the play? Oh I mean big men suffering career ending leg injuries No its not lol I mean you wouldnt care as much about a cheap shot in another bodily region Your more upset cuz he hit him in the leg than you are that he hit him Dude you absolutely get my point No its not lol You can disagree with it Fine Wut? Since were in the demanding explanations mood Why is it lazy? Dude you literally bounced from the group chat bc of jokes about (not mine) leg injuries. To say your sensitive toward leg injuries is basically an observation at this point And you werent wrong to be upset! To suggest that someone who watched a player they care about snap his leg in half Might be more sensitive toward a wreck less flagrant targeting a leg Is not a long walk Its fine if you disagree But its not an insane tale at all If he made that exact same contact with another region of his body, you would have been equally upset? My man you dont get to put a word I didnt use in quotes Well in that case we have a different understanding of quotation marks! It doesnt need them lol you picked the right word Look Im not trying to get kicked out of the superliga but its not an outrageous tale at all You get bit by a dog, your more nervous around dogs. It doesnt mean dogs are more dangerous or that you should take the threat of dogs more seriously then you already do. It means your more aware of the seriousness of a dog attack. Maybe you become over cautious around dogs!? I dunno maybe not But thats the take And its reasonable It is true You can never trust a dog that wears clothes That dog would rip your dick off and its owner would blame you and give it a treat Ian 1000000 
Dubov -457687 Lol Im kidding Dubov Damn is toronto gonna be ok? I want Milwaukee and Portland but I understand if no one will give me worth and Portland Lol cj seriously needs to fire his tailor ??? Whoa Me too dude Thats cray Mark I want Milwaukee! No fuck that Im not taking that rockets line No man Im sorry I cant believe that line exists I think Im gonna be sick Just looking at that Do I still get the bucks? Nice ? Is that supposed to be a diss? Sounds more like a compliment Oh lol Thats pretty uh, not self aware lol considering Jokic scores like 37 in game one And Zac Collins has never ate in his career lol I know I mean he didnt say it publicly But come on, he dominated game one and game 2 was a defensive slugfest Hahaha you should And then text terry Whats wrong with the Celtics!? We talk a lot about the death of the true center But what about the death of the true point guard? Lol I guess when you think about it Pg and c meter were the only real positions Though I dunno I think its coming back Gundy honest question Not trying to rub it in What is your stance on mil Boston now? Yeah fair chad but I would say there were always kinda flex forwards I think the guy on the block And the guy bringing the ball ip Lol you had 3s that couldnt shoot outside 10 feet I respect what youre saying chad the Anthony masons of the world But I still think the role of the pg and the center were more specialized I think its hard to accept the fact The the bucks are the next mini dynasty Durant gone Giannis the best in the league I know but look
At the good ones? Malone duncan All those guys could handle the ball Well actually I dunno Whos this guy? ? Team him Man they totally look
Alike Hahahaha hahaha Fuck Steph curry Draymond suspended Lol maybe not but fuck Steph Lol damn mark should have taken the rockets God Anyone looking to buy me a gift How about a high resolution photo of Steph getting stuffed by the rim with the game on the line Raps and nugs mark I know u want it the other way lol Let do some business Gimme raps and nugs! Lol this happened to Matt Hanna after he wrestled Neil Callahan at sun river Houman are you watching the game tonight? If its bucks raps Kawhi and Giannis gonna guard each other a lot? Gotta respect the mason Plumlee revenge game Lol you guys are turning into the warriors complaining about the refs lol Did good get away with that travel? Gundy now is about time to tweet that Zac Collins quote Cash money! Mark can I get rockets bucks? I wonder what changed! Haha hey man Im biased too, I have a burning passion for taking marks money Mark U know what time it is! Yeah what are the lines? Yeah Bucks rockets ?? Why is giannis riding pine? In the first? Man the Celtics are sure good at blowing 9 point leads! Hahaha Morris sr with the sell of the century Damn 3 straight fouls on Giannis Yeah but theyre all solid Four 2-1 series with multiple close games Cant ask for more than that! Damn was their an injury or something? Gs Houston line flipped? Giannis! ?? ?? ?? He has 18 points in the pain rn ? ? Lol Embiid is listed at 250 Like OK SURE I weighed in at 194 this am Light heavyweight Honestly good for brook lopez Has he ever been on a god team? Giannis is completely unstoppable Shout out chad Not a ducking foul his feet were shuffling! Lillard, Jokic, Durant, Kawhi So many heroic performances this year Lou fucking Williams! God after Durant leaves and the warriors become a 6 seed and stephs legacy slowly erodes Cant wait! Or just stayed in okc Tbh Hes not Durant! Mark this is revenge for last year lol I dunno man I really think the bux are the best team The war of attrition favors Giannis Lol I just heard ny Knicks chant on tnt Wow looney with laziest d Ive ever seen on that Gordon 3 God I love Eric Gordon! When the Sonics were drafting the Westbrook year Yes we were still the Sonics At that point I wanted Gordon Over Westbrook Im being vindicated! To prestis credit lol The conventional wisdom from the media Was Jarred Bayless Better poster? Paul robbing draymond from behind or Steph missing a dunk? Lillard would have hit that Two good looks Bitches! Opening lines:

Toronto -6 
Denver -4.5 Any gamblers? These are tough lines today Well if youre feeling confident... Im thinking Im gonna take Denver tonight No officially in Tough spread 4.5 Lines? She wasnt random! She was my bartender! Honestly chad Id throw it on stinging and go alone Going alone is underrated Im going to a concert alone rn! Seeing morrissey! On broadway! What? Lol morrissey is very beloved across all cultures I think? Are we talking about the same morrisey? Lie morrissey from the smiths? Lol Well You learn something new every day https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Morrissey https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=KKoS5X4SMrY https://www.google.com/amp/s/beta.washingtonpost.com/posteverything/wp/2014/10/08/why-do-mexican-americans-love-morrissey-so-much/%3foutputType=amp Didnt know any of that! I want raps and nuggets for any last min gamblers Damn chad https://www-m.cnn.com/2019/05/06/us/denver-magic-mushrooms-vote-trnd/index.html?r=https%3A%2F%2Ftheslot.jezebel.com%2Fshroom-time-possibly-1834593015&rm=1 I will not for the candidate that represent me on this issue Beast coast! Lol notice the stage design for the encore ? Says el dedo I drank my first familiar tonight maybe thats whats fucking you What did you do with you ticket(s) Chad? ? Damn mark, are you glad you didnt give me raptors and nuggets? Yeah except when you lose by two you get to watch 47.5 riveting mins of basketball I dunno Im with you regarding the anguish But I always feel so empty when I wait 3 days for a game and then it sucks Lol the heat are such a. Weird team to root for Man is it just gonna be 1 vs 2 and 1 vs 2 again? Brett brown gotta go Mike Malone > brad Stevens I dont lol I mean I get it But weve seen what a team with Anthony Davis and no one else can do And theyre immediately like a 6 seed And stuck there I dont know if I think that But that team doesnt compete without a third guy Most of the best teams have built through the draft If it were the number one pick OR Ayton Id say hell yeah Also New Orleans is insane if they turn down the number one pick at all How much better can they really do? They should dish Booker for a lottery pick if they can The problem is I dont see Booker being valuable unless hes the go to guy Like if hes the third guy, and is bad on d Give us Booker for one year of good Dragic and the expiring contract! Yeah I mean I dunno This worked for the sixers Nahhhh I still believe in Russell People are overreacting over one series What if you guys had blown it up after the playoffs last year? Also one underdiscussed thunder fuckup Shopping off oladipo Well actually nvm They got pg In that trade I feel so bad for
Dipo He would have been an mvp candidate this year I mean I think they could also tinker with their gameplan I dunno the west is about to be wide open If you were a playoff team this year, I wouldnt do anything drastic A Kyle Korver/Wayne Ellington/etc signing Would do a lot for them Just someone who could space out the offense I think it totally depends on how the raps do I think raps bucks will be an insane series If thats what goes down And I think it will Sixers already in full excuse mode Yeah man! Me too I mean go to Chicago And take the train up for a game We could go up early though Eat cheese curds drink beer Did you guys know bill russell lives in Mercer island wa? Mark is the sports book back open? Do you guys have any draft takes At 13 Im hoping for 1. Nassir Little
2. Kevin Porter Jr.
3. Pj Washington We dont need any more Heat culture players We need a player who can hit an open 3 consistently Bonus points if they also know how to dribble I dunno Id be surpised if pj fell that far Lol I used to do that at Burnett so often Lol I cannot imagine pj falling to 25 Id be surprised! But yeah it could happen I guess I want warriors bucks tonight Any takers? Psh That draft is 11 days old Things have changed! Id be happy with Alexander-walker though Ok so Im a really smart guy This whole time Ive been meaning Keldom Johnson Keldon Lol this basketball court by my house is installing a scoreboard? ? Yeah I dunno! I mean to be honest I think the court is prob part of the public housing unit So maybe for some type of league? Def curious the court still basically looks condemned but the installed high beams too? Lol I would totally play Why not Lol this aint Rucker Park I feel like Vogel gets one more chance Def Yeah lakers still a top 5 and 1 in the nba Its just hard to find a big name coach that hasnt recently been fired Theyd have to convince an established coach to switch over Would they? That happens so rarely in basketball I mean theres so much pressure And po essentially the only coach to survive lebron lol And theres just not much precedent for a great coach to switch teams I agree But honestly when was the last time an elite coach just up and switched nba teams You either have to bring someone out of retirement or high a top tier college guy I dunno why they dont look at joerger Its not his fault the kings are inept Hes good at developing young guys Yeah but should this season really be counted against him? The kings totally overachieved Buddy hield went from busy to potential all star I dunno I barely pay attention to college hoops at this point Shaka smart doesnt appear to be the future anymore Theres always callipari Tony Bennett? Yeah I cant see Bennett leaving He has the chance to be such a hero And uva isnt duke but its a rich acc school In fertile recruiting territory Not sure his grit and grind style would translate either Id hire him in a heartbeat if I had the chance tho Also We all know lebron wants someone he can push around Nah Brett brown is safe for now Man last year there were so many solid coaches available Lol he quite literally did He joined the lakers He advocated for half the team to be traded He advocated for the coach to be fired He did not have a backup plan Is he just bitching bc the lakers wont hire Tyrone lue? Man someone tell his its Giannis league now Lol fucker Is this Bostons swan song? I think your karma flipped when you told us to smdftb after game one Well you have your theory, I have mine! My theory is karma was on Gundys side when he did the honorable thing and bet on his season long take that the Celtics would advance out of the east, and even bet the series straight up But all that good juju was erased When he told us to smdftb after game 1 Hence the inevitable outcome of this series Can I just point out how much harder better faster stronger the bucks look than the warriors rn Brock are you in Tokyo? Oh nice Is that where youre finishing your trip? Or re you going back to Tokyo? Nice! Are you eating well? Drinking saki at noon? I know lol It so fast paced it hardly feels like a vacation lol Its 3 times the size of New York So insane Dude I felt that so hard cam If any city needs weed lol Uh oh Marcus smart bonked his noggin! I feel like brook lopez is gonna be such an X factor in the finals Bucks fans going nuts for offensive rebounds lol Damn Gundy You ruined my opportunity to Venmo request you for smdftb Ive had this charted out! I* Damn I wanna look into something If you bet on high seed road team With the exception Aside; you dont bet cash against a team called the bucks (ChaChing!) But anyway With exception to major injuries Huh seed road team Bets Last two years And fuck it To make it a theory Throw lebron out of the equations Im gonna do this math and share my findings And by major injuries I will only include If your hands down best player missed more than half the series To keep it objective Bro you gotta love Giannis The guy was born and raised without any citizenship to Nigerian parents in Greece, grew up helping his parents sell watches or whatever on the street, gets drafted outside the lottery to a small market team, isnt even a candidate for rookie of the year, slowly the rashly gets better, becomes the most dominant player in the league doing shaq shit and magic shit, never talks shit in the media but talks fucking mad shit on the court Not to mention hes the best athlete the league has seen since prime lebron Arguably (probably) better as a pure athlete Hes just the man Weve never had a foreign player as the hands down best player in the league Maybe Hakeem while Jordan was out I didnt say that I said this might be the first time a foreign player was the best player in the league I know dirk and Steve Nash won mvps But I dont think in any single season They were the best player in the league? lol I switched my game day beer from corona to familiar Bc of this group And it hits
So much harder What year? I dunno Yeah Or Kobe or shaq His suns years were his best years He won two mvps! I mean Giannis this year Is better than either of dirk or Nashs best season! Hmmmmm I dont buy that Regardless Giannis has the chance to become the next lebron Like a different level of stardom The bucks are gonna open up as finals favorites next year Pairs well with nicotine gum! I have limited immediate options For beer Corona, modelo, presidente, Heineken, Coors light Lol yeah not a big microbrew scene up here Well thats not true I can go to a grocery store Is just not like I can walk to the bodega and get that Rengel Did you read our conversation? Kevin Garnett wasnt a foreign player? Oh yeah man it was def up for debate back then I guess it still is But like Its been lebron For so long We forget Man warriors frontcourt is so vulnerable mmmmm Gahhhhhh Goddamn I just want one authentic finals! Man the warriors are weaseling out of this counting against their legacy fuck this! I wanna see the warriors lose more than anything But this is lame Yeah I mean Im pretty confident tbh If kd is indeed gone Bucks win And next year that could be an epic showdown Well lets bask in the curry draymond humiliation Lol dont flip out But what if its Denver Guys Steph Is gonna killed murdered Called a fraud Its gonna be so great lol Lol he won a championship, an mvp, and had the best record in the nba Pre Durant However Hes about to get roasted Not top 20! Omg draymond already having a breakdown I mean all time for what its worth Brock Curry legacy on the line! Yeah that was like the three confirmed injuries in the mass death news report Yeah but he might have a hobbled curt schilling-esque game 7 Where he just plops jumpers over everyone and slows the game down I dunno mj getting carried off the court Its just saying kd is one of the few players That could find a way to win When his body fails him If his jumper is on Lol crude references but youre not wrong chad Well Good a time as ever to remember Houston was up 3-2 last year when Paul went down Everyone gonna day Paul is not Durant but lets also remember rockets finished with the best record in the nba last year! How many familiars have you drank tonight? Ligawide question Hahaha draymond He just cant be chill Its impossible for him Lol goddamnit Yeah but Well fuck it Harden time Bro harden had like a perfect possession? Everybody swarmed him and he found Capella in like 5 sec? God fucking damnit They had that steal God fuck Were owed one more exciting play Damnit They had that Damn So rockets are gonna crush next game No Durant And then Durants gonna come back for game 7 Lol I dunno Hahhahahaha Omg Espn with an absolute smearing of Kyrie https://www.google.com/amp/www.espn.com/nba/story/_/id/26702069/kyrie-irving-failed-leadership-tells-story-celtics-failed-season%3fplatform=amp Omg that article is such an attack its ridiculous lol The best part is its so pre-written lol Tim bontemps or whatever Just couldnt wait to post that shit Lol what would they get for him? That would be so funny He just gets thrown on like the wizards or something Why would the nuggets wanna fuck up their young core? No way that trade doesnt involve Jokic Lebron is great but hes aging and he cant do it alone He also couldnt even make the playoffs lol So just Jamal Murray and a pick? I mean whats in it for la Gotta think they could do better than that package Oh would you lol? Hes still a top 3 player lol I know it is so weird I mean gms make these decisions based on selling tickets and merchandise too I dunno what to do with that But it seems like it factors in Absolutely I wish we had literally anything to offer Yeah that would be amazing Im jerking off to that tweet! Took a bullshit sick day today I know I agree chad Theyre like the pistons or something if you subtract giannis Theyre well coached though I really think bud is one of the best coaches in the league I think he was super under appreciated in Atlanta Kinda like DAntoni in Phoenix I feel like I should go do something Lol we live in very different places ? ? Yeah I would have considered that if I stayed in (or go back) to Chicago Yeah in Chicago you can buy a house in the middle of the city lol its ridiculous Is cam moving to Denver? Blake at 100% is a top 10 player Hes so versatile If he could be on a good team that didnt rely on him to carry them all the time Those clippers teams were really good I dunno if he wants out of Detroit tho He seems to like it there Players love Dwayne Casey And he might turn them around Bro dont be a Morris twin team Honestly this team with nurkic back and no Durant in the west Its gonna be like back when Dallas and Phoenix and San Antonio were competing There are favorites, but like 5 teams could go Dude when I emailed in sick I told them Im happy to work from home They said no, take a full test day lol I have nothing to do at all Lol This is the only time anyone watches espn Honestly its just for the nostalgia at this point Every time I watch sport center I always think to myself wow Im watching sports center I think Spotify is your best bet To just Have everything On Spotify? Just hit the little heart button and save it If you have a friends with Similar taste A group Spotify playlist Is awesome Lol, I mean no disrespect whatsoever, but Im gonna pass on that Lol I actually had no idea By morrissey has fallen out favor in the public eye lol Hes turned into like a total euro nationalist I will always love the smiths But I spent fourthly fucking dollars on a morrissey t-shirt And now I kinda dont wanna wear it Lol wut? First full length? Do the early SST releases count? Are we talking sister or daydream nation? No lol Most of the best bands are popular I dont really know anything, I just like listening to music a lot And buying hoards of vinyl that I dont open lol But you See Piece by piece Im building a soundsystem That will debut in August at my new apartment Location tbd Fun fact! Hubie Brown is still alive! Im eating at the google office today lol Tonight* Excited to see the spread! Next week I love woj being so casual with huge news Damn Russell is the only one left from the golden years And Wagner Lines? Hot take alert ?? ?? ?? Yeah He texts from two sources Figured Bria out when I was locked out of his house Lol I hate Brooklyn I Walked into this bar Sci fi channel playing on the projector screen I say Look I know youre not a sports bar.... She cuts me off Im not putting on the basketball game Race to Manhattan to catch the 4th 10 minute delay on L train Damn chad Should they even bother writing a tag line Or send the fee directly to you Yeah BUCKET BROTHERS Make it a thing! Yeah lol I need need the receipts Mark please do this to yourself Lol I mean lol it was a joke in poor taste Its the like he was advocating for him to get kicked in the shin If this turns into a controversy its gonna be so dumb Its bad because he did it for a broadcast I that was like on twitter Fair! Lol well what do you propose? Is it fireable? One game suspension Just a quick lil apology? Honestly yeah I say one game suspension is fair He should double the fuck down is what he should do! Yeah but chad A playoff ticket is worth 120 bucks Buy* God thats such bullshit https://mobile.twitter.com/wjxt4/status/726941052691701760?ref_src=twsrc%5Etfw%7Ctwcamp%5Etweetembed&ref_url=https%3A%2F%2Fd-35293509274151656284.ampproject.net%2F1904301721170%2Fframe.html Goat lol I love the nba playoffs And how it makes two random fan bases want to kill each other Yeah chad I was wondering about that Even if it did happen... how was he planning on proving it? Yeah I dunno this is the most they could ask for I dunno maybe they age well like the spurs or Dallas with dirk God Im so annoyed with the fucking rockets rn Theyre Lol Everyone tell me how much u hate this beer ? Green Monsta: Wicked Awesoem American IPA Awesome* Shout out Neil Olshey! No Mark are you really pro warriors in this series? Never before! The warriors are toast! Damn beilein Wild His teams shoot a
Lot of 3s? Man I love watching embiid cry I still cant believe that Kawhi shot Game seven buzzer beater off the rim like that Thats like the end of a kids sports movie lol I fully believe Milwaukee gonna win now Lolol That would be awesome tho Yeah I have 3 Yeah I just had Denver Damn nice bracket Your first round was great too lol Lottery tomorrow Everyone is saying the heat are hot on Romeo Langford God man I hate all this love for embiid rn Talks more shit than anyone in the league This where we kick him while hes down! Fuck all this what a competitor! Bs Hahahaha No way Theyd have to move ball That couldnt be an nba backcourt lol Meyers Leonard in Game of thrones out ? Id rather play Toronto without kanter Than Milwaukee I kinda feel like it will be like their last series Bucks are a bit rusty and lose game 1 And then are unstoppable throughout The bucks also did win that one game by 43 I mean what else could you ask for? That kanter signing low key saved the season Youre in the conference finals And yes Have one of the youngest rosters in the league lol I wonder how this all affects nurks stock I was looking at lanterns stats and hes basically produced at the same if not a higher clip In the playoffs than Nurk did in the regular season I know its a small sample size tho So assuming those lines hold Wh ya got? Game one(s) Lol one game at a time Lol I kinda wanna go on Friday Theyre still pretty sick without kd! Lol josh Jackson arrested for trying to sneak into the vip section at rolling loud too many times Thats gotta hurt the ego Im in the nba No dude youre on the suns! https://deadspin.com/dennis-rodman-accused-of-stealing-destroying-yoga-stud-1834736113 Omg Did u watch the Rodman video Its amazing lol https://youtu.be/ZNdkfMnJy_4 Man I want coby white so bad Hell yeah! Hes got such a great first step Meh I think theyll make him a priority I dont always get the jimmy hate He was generally kinda right when it came to shutting on management lol Wiggins and towns dont always play hard lol He plays really hard too Someones jealous! I will have a lot more fun tonight then you will! Than* Lolol Thats so true Lol the heat are doomed dude Our best hope is to try and finagle a big free agent Anyone wanna gamble tonight? Ill take warriors tn If anyone wants zers Lol a copy of time magazine? Radical! Jay inslee woot woot God its gonna be Biden :( I mean Chicago just elected a black lesbian as mayor Lol how is warren a fraud? Yeah I know Its super annoying But yeah Warren is the only candidate Who is campaigning on anything substantial Biden is like John Kerry Yeah I know warren needs to be more inspiring, they all do Bernie has that I dunno (if you cant tell) Im pro warren rn but its loose I like Bernie a lot Yeah thats weird man Im not supporting some guy so he can exact his revenge on Biden, I hope the democrats can beat him by just having more progressive policies The sad part about this but Dylan is its not longer a bit! Lol Does anyone wanna bet blazers tonight? Or series bets? Not straight up of course Giannis with no respect for the Celtics ? Still be fine Lol Goddmanit Yeah this is so lame So whats ad gonna fetch God poor knicks All their dreams dashed Ok last chance for Superliga bets! ? Wheres Conley gonna go! I dunno I mean considering the grizz dont even want him A year first rounder tops Late first* Yeah youre prob right He should go to a contender Imagine if he was Lillards backup? Def Yeah exactly Send him to a team that needs a good backup pg I honestly think hed be sick on the blazers Just so they have like that true of option Would be able to slow the game down with the second unit Yeah but for one year? I mean I dunno I know nothing about their cap situation but maybe its possible Lol yeah all those dudes on commission Crazy that the most ethical pro-worker approach to handling a massive windfall came from fucking Juul lol https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cnbc.com/amp/2018/12/20/juul-to-pay-2-billion-dividend-to-its-employees-after-altria-deal.html No I know I just still think its incredible I cant imagine any company I work for Worked Giving me a dime of that lol Mark Jackson should be banned Goddamn New Orleans At least we know the leagues not rigged No one wanted that What would the theory have been for Memphis lol Yeah I dunno They had opposite fronts Which is what matters! Everybody is flipping shit as if there werent an 86% chance the knocks didnt go #1 lol Bucks are gonna win Zion needs to pull an Eli All the players will back him lol Mark and I just threw 100 each on the bucks We got them at +230 Pretty solid imo Damn lol I dont think he can I dunno how everything is weighted But youd still be one series (point behind) Oh actually nvm it is possible Yeah Sure Nah Im good Yeah I know but I think toronto covers, maybe even wins tonight Yeah I dunno the bucks always do this First of all the suck in the first half I kinda feel like this is like the Boston game Relax Yeah Lol but Boston was your pick! God bless brook lopez The bucks just need to start hitting shots Someone bet me the series straight up! Ill give anyone raptors straight up for the series Up to 50 Wow brook Lopez! Wow Kawhi with 0 in the fourth Lol fuck off about the second part Yeah mike Tyson in his prime Punching you in the chest It could absolutely break you ribs lol https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=iPwKOAXP6Ts Yeah maybe for 100 I know But come on It could break your sternum then Lol when does a boxer take a haymaker to the chest Yeah mark I dunno I bet youre going to the hospital Ok You might not die You probably wouldnt die If a horse kicked you in the face More people survive than die lol Jeez like not to sound the the biggest snob. 20k is nothing to shake a stick at. But its not worth do anything that will be potentially debilitating Haha Dont forget Boston has 3 first rounders to fiddle with Anyone want Portland? Does wieden still do sprite tvc? This isnt good defense ! Bucks in 6 Hate is a strong word But it did not take me long to strongly dislike Jordan bell I used to love that guy! Remember when that guy gave up two consecutive offensive rebounds on missed free throws and ruined our chance at the last shot? Fucking friending for the nicotine gum I left at work You better say excuse me if you bump into me rn! Lol damn Best leader in basketball Wow just give me the sound bite of Van Gundy saying brother on brother crime Iggy yikes That is the dumbest trade proposal Ive ever seen lol I totally think Boston will be a player I mean I guess if you get the field I agree But why not? Yeah but what if Kyrie stays? And yeah I still think they do Teams have proven to take risks on guys with one year left Hes a generational athlete Theyre in position to make the best offer Without completely rearranging their core Also The trade machine is so stupid ? What a steal for the pelicans! Th RETURN of ryan Anderson Lol mean they arent exactly your best pieces Maybe they should trade him for Kevon Looney! Hahaha he played one game Collins is fine lol come on you know youre being ridiculous Dude he played one game! Theres a reason for that He hadnt played a minute in the playoffs Maybe hes good! Yeah Houman the difference is I know my trade is terrible And I made it as terrible as possible to make a point Wait Wut? Anfernee Simmons is better than Kyle Kuzma now? Youre out of your mind dude Ok dont misuse literally and no one else thinks that but ok Put it on Twitter! Zac Collins has more trade value than Kyle Kuzma Hes also getting outplayed by kevon looney Dude he played 8 minutes last night Yeah dude this is nuts Jesus dude Fine base it off the entire season lol Youre literally only basing it off like 2 playoff games And I mean literally Any team in the league could offer an equivalent of that package or better lol If you want Davis You have to move McCollum Sure man Based off what? Dude no one is saying he sucks or has no potential But youre massively inflating his worth Yeah nah I think this is ridiculous Oh Better than Zac Collins Equals god now Dude Winning a playoff game Doesnt mean shit for role players There are plenty of dudes whove won a playoff game When youre a star lol What? Brook Lopez is a vet whos been an all star And scored 29 in a conference finals game Yeah he signed a minimum deal because hes old And wants to win As players do His career is winding down Brook Lopez is not fetching Anthony Davis lol Are you suggesting that he is? Lol Well Thats insane But sure No one is shitting on the blazers role players Because they can do way better lol Yeah but you dont think they can do way way better? Any team could offer at least as good of a package Dude any team could It just depends what theyre willing to give What if Charlotte gives up Kemba and miles bridges and a pick? Ok miles bridges and two picks I mean if young productive centers are so valuable Why not bam? Hes efficient Rebounds Plays great d Oh I know Again that trade was suggested to point out how stupid the trade machine is But fine Give them bam, Richardson Winslow and a pick First rounder I mean I would? Why not? What do we have to lose If he leaves were in the tank but this roster is always gonna be a team fighting for a low playoff seed at best But honestly I think if it was jut Richardson and bam and a pick Its still a better deal than what youre offering Someone is gonna take a risk ok Anthony Davis I think we can at least agree The trade machine is not reliable If I can make that trade lol Yeah thats true It was like what I used to draft like the top 10 tight ends and centers in Madden 2001 And then trade everybody so I had like randy moss Chad Johnson and Ricky Williams Winslow bam and #13! Its happening Sco fucks feels inappropriate Sco ducks Damnit But fuck yeah, thats incredible Mark and I about to print so much dough on the bucks we might as well become business partners Guys Game 1 Bucks finals Whos going? You have a couch Well not in Milwaukee But we can talk! ? Feeling this! Lol I was so drunk last night I was like full on ready to buy finals tix And then I looked and they were like 500 Really killed my buzz Lolol god if I woke up and had spent 500 on bucks tickets Dunno how Id feel If actually be down to pay that I love giannis so much and i cant imagine tix being cheaper anywhere else But I bet they will go down Im def going to that game in a heat shirt Whos the gonna make the first comet internet meme Find a sad video of the comet killing the dinosaurs Superimpose a bucks logo on it Yeah But you see The raptors Are dinosaurs And this is a dinosaur joke The raptors dont get shit on enough for having a dinosaur as their mascot I actually think its cool But they should still be made fun of I thought it was bc the city of toronto was known for having lots of dinosaurs I mean bobcats are fine That color scheme And those unis On the other hand Were a fucking disgrace Yeah The thunder are gross too I like the pelicans look Yeah For whatever reason I feel like the Celtics Still have the best jerseys Their greens are just so classy Bro theyre pussies for not picking the bison I know lol Big oil! Total okc ownership move We work in energy! Portland -2.5 last time I checked You want action? Yeah Mark wanna go all in on a big one? Nah I mean together Lol everyone wants warriors I mean I can do it from my account itll be like a 4 dollar fee or something Tho Im not sure its such a lock Blazers are gonna get at least 1 This might be it Im kinda talking myself into Portland rn Nah lol Well Not yet Gambling is ruining watching sports without money lol No dog I only communicate via collect calls from Bronx pay phones Lol yeah Lets see where the lines at 17 seconds before tip off Keep your phone on ?? mark Well Ill give you +2 rn if u want You got money in your Bovada account? Ok so take the 2 Top 3 fav rap albums (no order)

Danny Brown: XXX
Mos Def: Black on Both Sides
Kanye: Dark Fantasy Alrighty Lines not gonna budge Ill take Portland -2.5 Alright mark 50? Yeah well warriors are gonna win 4-1 Tonights the 1 Well* DeHaan? K Yes Maroney hedge? Im picking the warriors bc I know better but also if I lose the money its only bc I was trying to help the blazers! Lol I know Nvm We good Hey I believed! Meyers Leonard for Anthony Davis! Wow v true Matt The league is evolving Meyers Leonard is just before his time Goddamn guys What the fuck happened to cj Whelp Cant believe I talked myself into that Durant gone God how do they do this The warriors were down 18 https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.cbssports.com/boxing/news/deontay-wilder-obliterates-dominic-breazeale-in-first-round-with-emphatic-knockout-punch/amp/ God Paul pierce is the worst lol Lol the trash brothers is a funny name H should stand by that lol Law of the jungle baby Lololol Not the best way to keep whatever ACCESS you have. Mark Mad respect for the 5:30 am text Also Do the honorable thing and give me Milwaukee tonight Lol crazy theory here Tell me what you think ?? Warriors intentionally lose game 4 Give Durant more time To heal Take the flop Will it? Does this mean youll give me bucks tonight? Nah they got the call from David stern Who still secretly runs the league Time to pack up Dont matter The warriors went rogue Thats why the wheeled him back in He slowly planted Giannis on the bucks Couldnt make it too obvious Lured kd to the Knicks Come on dude open your eyes Lol Thats what you say at first Until it keeps you up might after night Im sorry Rengel But I see zero proof that Ada silver is an actual human being ? He wasnt programmed to be polite Brock Please confirm This ear was made in a lab ? ? Live bet! The bucks dont start games well offensively its just a thing My enemies This game is ?? ?? ?? Yo if youre not watching 2 point game with 8 secs left V scared of Kawhi rn I know lol I love this defense tho by both teams No Lowry no Powell Go bucks George hill the god Hahahaha Damn so worried about the three Steph wake to the basket for a free lay in You wait and see! Check Bovada Should be tomorrow morning Why would I give you odds? When I can get a bigger return on Bovada Which I literally did The hammer!!!! ?? time Lol damn draymond almost got it Lol yeah I heard van Gundy too mark Or dramond Man fuck the warriors Lol glass half full! Floor half swept! If the Golden state media has any guts theyre leading with warriors sweep up the trash brothers I dunno if Blake leaves Detroit He seems to like it there So are they better without Durant? I mean the clippers got 2 So did the rockets Then Durant goes down ... I know but like Whats the other explanation! Gundy do you know Corbin smith? Did I meet him? Was he the guy in Chicago? Did you read his deadspin piece? Damn chad https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.hollywoodreporter.com/amp/news/jason-mitchell-dropped-chi-netflix-film-misconduct-claims-1212454 That minutes led stat is crazy Blazer led for 101 Warriors 83 Yeah chad lol the show is fucked Especially since I think season 2 is done filming So theyre gonna have to kill him off off-screen Youre not really supposed to figure out tie breakers a month into your competition lol Lolol Well I think Im out anyway Oh man Ive never heard that before I always just get the lost we can do is... And then you always get just like a little more Yeah its super annoying when a team overachieves And then gets shit on For like losing to the warriors They should have got one tho They had like 3 huge leads Yeah I know But also The rockets/clips managed to get a w Woulda been good to get one Yeah Wear and tear caught up Anyone want raptors tonight? Yeah I think its between you and Denver now? I dunno Houston isnt necessarily going away I think they were prob #2 in the west Houston actually did a pretty good job They never got blown out Dragic? I dont support that btw But I do feel like hes up for grabs to anyone who will pay that contract I dunno apparently the heat want Conley I dont get it Conley? I dunno Memphis seems to feel they can get a First for him Would you give a first for him? Is it? I mean if you wanna make a run at the warriors Conley still has gas in the tank Youre picking at like 27 Yeah I mean I think this is nuts But people were talking about Miami dealing #13 for him If Miami trades their pick Ill throw my phone in a river Also I feel like a lot of teams could use him Indiana maybe Man I hope dipo returns to full strength People dont realize how good they were before he went down Yeah I mean if like You put a loaded gun to my head Itd be hard to pick against the warriors But They havent been THAT dominant This post season So far the bucks have only lost two games And one of them went to triple overtime And its Kawhi The 3rd best team in the league Who wants Toronto tonight? 3.5 I thought he was part of that AD package? Man none of you want Toronto at +3!? Lol had to do it ? Lol I just rallied all my sports gambling (Bovada and superliga) Im plus 15 bucks Tallied Yeah Feels like fiction to me Hes sitting there getting chewed out by drug dealers and hes cracking Tom Clancy jokes? I mean I think a lot of criminals fuck up on the reg but Oh I see you found the bag of expensive drugs! Great hustle friend! Now that I know youve found and touched it And used it to (extort?) 5 grand from me I will trust you completely and not test it Dont hate the playa! I fell for a stupid scam once! Took me for 250! Wow damn Jokic over Embiid Please go and make a toast! Lol where is it? I mean why not? They both finished with better records Bro thats so 2017 I mean remove the warriors? Whos so tough? And they finished 2 and 3 in the west? Yeah thats fair Did gasol get away with the hold? Wow totally did That was a pretty big miss Has him hooked Brogdon such a dumbass damn I think he stays no matter what now Series aint over tho Portland was down 3-2 too The refs really suck rn Toronto deserves the win Wow Brock Thats so true Still not over tho! Yeah that weird man Like if she was wearing a drake shirt I at least get it But how is that an own Im thinking about banging your young daughter! Damn wack Dubov How did you learn anything in health class? Damn I knew this new school thing was bullshit Houman is working at Them computers Just as I suspected No youre not you work at them computers in Novato California And you know it Not the sixers Simmons is 22 Maybe if Portland sweetened the pot Yeah I know its not crazy Nah first rounder Cj and a late first rounder Feels fair Yeah I mean I think Ben Simmons has a lot of value But I Could also see that trade making the sixers better right away Not sure but possible And theyre in win now mode Defense matters! Yeah I do think you guys take for granted how good of d the bucks and raptors play Its not all just guys not being able to shoot Damn I hope we get a game 7 in the east Lol wut You cant just say that Yeah it wasnt even sort of believable And it wasnt even that good of a story Why is he in trouble? Im need reading this dudes medium post lol Im no reading* Not* Christ Also didnt this guy throw away literally any goodwill he had when he added oh btw the this guy was ms13 and he raped a child lolol Finish off your lie with a lil trumpian xenophobic fear mongering Nice lol Was it the ceo? .... I wrote that book Lol sorry cam You read that in reverse Oh lol Sarcasm! I see Yeah but wouldnt that ruin it? Man one narrative to make this nba fun Is that Kawhi is secretly the best player in the league And the only time the warriors played him full strength in the playoffs He dominated them Brock touched on that earlier But he beat Lebrons super team And Gould have twice Should have Maybe the warriors are just like the rockets winning without Jordan! Poor one out for Dwayne Casey man Pour* Yikes Fuck it gimme bucks straight up Any takers? Im not sure cjs stock was higher than derozans in that instance Whats the raps line? I mean the blazer havent been any more impressive than those raptors teams Just lower expectations You gotta factor in the fact that toronto believed they could keep him Dog the blazers killed it this year but at that point theyd been swept by the pelicans Taking the master? Ahhh Bedroom Gotcha Can I get a tldr? Man I hate that sizers sixers autocorrect Fucks me every time Lol how can you even say that? Yeah real deflating for the raptors It really is lol Yeah definitely The pelicans have demonstrated theyre not afraid to ride it out Curry mj wade lebron Durant KG Wade is prob irrational Its like am I doing legacy or actual best team Russell prob wouldnt even be that good now Yeah Ohhhhhh 1 each decade Wilt, Kareem, magic, Jordan, kg, lebron I dunno Jordan played with pippen I know so was I I have shooting troubles I hear ya Psh Ok Im in Lol So why would anyone bet on Kawhi They gonna lose and hes mvp anyway!? No I know haha But how is that even a thing Youre more confident Kawhi will win mvp Than you are the raptors win lolol but Vegas isnt dumb Is not like a setup ? Lol would you ever consider Just putting like your entire savings on a bet like this Lie obviously not lol But like Ill give anyone here 100 to their 10 Danny green does not get a double double He has one double double Playoffs included This whole season lol Nah lol I cant do that Damn Who wants warriors -1 100 Fine Yeah Removed a laugh from Straight up? Theres lines for a reason Houman Sure thing! Wait what Lol its warriors -1 last time I checked Why do I listen to anything you say? ? We dont use the lines from them computers Bro that nuts I just refreshed it twice ? And again still at the same Anyway houman Ill give you warriors -1 Thats what mark hit last night Take it or leave it Damn Thats disturbing! I dunno tho Ive never seen that before Could just be glitchy Lol sorry you guys dont get to be the warriors! He brought in nurk and hood Went to the conference finals Lol Im just saying pat riley gets touted as this mastermind All hes done in the past 4 years is give massive contracts to Kelly o, dion waiters and Tyler Johnson Nah jimmy staying put Him and embiid are peas in a pod This is ok for a first draft Gundy Well That was no fun Yes On the cover of rage against the machines eponymous LP Tell me again how the east is trash? Dog its not just one game Its that the top 4 teams in the east are toronto, Milwaukee, phill and Boston Philly Sure whatever but the top are the only contenders I mean sure but Jazz-clippers Are not real contenders at all Ok yeah thats what Im saying Ok sooooo Seriously why are we even talking about the bottom half The road to the finals is harder in the east Nobody in the top four of the east would have a problem Wut 6 of the teams in the west With I mean There was no kawhi and Giannis hadnt ascended? And lebron is the best player of our lifetime Also Denver was the two seed... They were totally but I think they were a bit like The raptors pre kawhi Ok Rengel Youre officially not worth arguing with You think the blazers beat Milwaukee? I think the kings could beat the pistons Lol wut? You think Denver could beat Milwaukee that is OBJECTIVELY stupid Then youre an idiot Please do! They aint trash At all But they also needed 7 against the spurs and lost to Portland Lol Good thing youre not a gm Also I know this is crazy But maybe Defense is important? Lol says the guy who think the blazers and nuggets could beat the bucks Also can I ask you Rengel Why do you think that? If the blazers are in the east Thy run into toronto in the second round and lose 4-1 Ok so you think the nuggets are better than the blazers then? I dont get it I agree that the warriors with KD are the leagues best team But the following 4 Id contend are in the east You can make a good case that that still makes the west the best conference But the elitism has gotta stop lol Bc the warriors are whats propping the west up at this point I mean just like Why? The rockets arent that good dude Paul is over the hill I just feel like we should throw out non contenders personally I think thats mostly coincidence Actually I think its the opposite I think teams built their teams slowly And isnt swing for the fences Bc they were waiting out lebron If anything I mean I love that take lol But its nuts lol And the east is up 1-0? Well hold up Gundy How does that make sense? If the warriors arent the best team The west has no case lol Yeah but none of the top 4 in the east would have lost in the west Hey question If the bottom half of the conference matters so much Was the east better in 15-16? ?? Worth noting the cavs won that year Yeah but by the metrics your applying for this season it was? Also lol What the hell are you talking about? ? In what world is coming within single digits (9 lol) once in four games pushing the spurs Thats a pretty good take! Lolol I mean I assumed For what its worth I think the west was Better that year But were either including the bottom half or were not In conclusion Deeper does not equal better Ok soooo ? Then that would go both ways I dunno where youre getting this Houston nonsense no line would have favored Houston over Milwaukee I mean Miami kills it against the west and we suck How did the east do against the west overall? Yeah I wouldnt either I didnt say that? I said against Houston lol What was the overall record east vs west? There are more than 12 teams in both the east and west Please tell me more about math! But again I think my entire argument here is deeper doesnt mean better I mean they killed the bottom half of the east Which again I dont think should matter as much Yeah I need to see what happens in this series I think if toronto wins they solidify the east The have the best two teams record and point differential wise And the champion 2, 3 and 4 best teams are in the east You think Gundy? Giannis, kawhi, embiid? I mean kawhi, giannis, embiid, jimmy? Lol the sixers are so much better than you guys give them credit for What do they have to do? They pushed the raptors to 7 And lost on a miracle Or disaster depending on who you are No I know But Id say the two most valuable dudes in the league rn are Giannis and kawhi Well I dunno Prob kd Just saying the east stacks up Yeah I mean I dunno Also man What if is kawhi? Sure I dunno man the raptors have been very good for a while now and just got the ultimate upgrade Also look what healthy kawhi has done Went to 7 against the heat Lost in devastating fashion Then dominated the heat Led a 67 win team Sat out a year And is now in the finals up 1-0 Dude do you believe that? You would have maybe went 4-1 instead of 4-0 Come on now Hes a good player man But a lot of teams have at least one significant injury Blazers maybe edge out the Celtics with Nurk But no more Well ok scratch the maybe Blazers are 4 in the east with Nurk The raptors just came out in game one and punched the warriors in the mouth When was the last time the warriors lost a game 1? This was not fluky either Steph did his thing and the raptors dominated hroughout Throughout Ok so who dont they have the matchups against? What does that even mean? Lol remove the Celtics? And go point differential Yeah I think that I said top 3 And I think that I mean then you cant just go blanket record? Look at the rosters Philly is stacked! If anything theyre underachieving Ok remove the Celtics lol Because thats what I said... Yeah but you lost to Miami twice? I think the Celtics are good I wouldnt call them stacked Embiid and jimmy are both better than anyone on the Celtics I respect the blazers but to say theyd be the best team in the east after what you just watched is nuts Oh so last season counts now? How did the blazers playoff run go? Saying the Sixers are better than the Celtics? Yeah Miami is trash lol This doesnt offend me I have eyes lol I love the heat but were completely hopeless right now And technically it wasnt as good Be the heat won a game against a team with a better record lol I think that Boston take is nuts Kyrie isnt elite Hes close but not their Those three teams ahead of him had a riot generational player Yeah thats true Well Ok So define elite Kyrie is good but hes not in the same league as giannis, Kawhi or Embiid Thats not a hot take at all And hes their best player I mean lets not bring the elite thing to the nba lol But To me its too 10 Top Is Kyrie even top 20? Ehhhhh pushing it but maybe Fair Lets see I mean none maybe not even Russell But like I dunno how thats relevant? Kawhi, giannis and Embiid are in a different league Than Kyrie Prob not but this is turning into an argument about what constitutes elite Which is not the point lol Gundy said Boston had the 4th most talented team in the east Most* I think they had the 4th Gordon Hayward wasnt what we thought hed be East player rankings:

Giannis
Kawhi
Embiid
Butler
Healthy Dipo 
Kyrie Ok swap dipo and Kyrie lol Fine But still the Celtics are not the most talented team in the east I also dunno what Milwaukee has to do lol at this point for you guys Lol oladipo I dunno dipo is such a hard dude to evaluate He was washed out on the magic A bench player on the thunder Exploded in Indiana Took Lebron to 7 The pacers were dominating before he went out Im not convinced dipo isnt too 10 on the west But its really hard to judge him I think Russ can redeem himself But yeah this year was ugly If hes even healthy by then Also wouldnt the raptors be a nightmare matchup for any guard driven team? Like they would give the blazers/rockets the same troubles? I dunno Kawhi, Siakam and Ibaka Are just so formidable on d Omg I feel so bad for laughing Whos gambling tonight!? Opening at GS -4.5 Whos horny!? Yup u got it How much? Dope You watching the game tonight? Bro I have a proposition for you I joined a rock climbing gym And I have a guest pass I havent used Theres a bar across the street Yo wanna come rock climb for an hour or so and then watch? We can do both! Dog come! Yes huge TVs! Youll love it you get gear and everything for free Psh Who doesnt like rock climbing! There are like auto belay ropes So you just hook in And go No hassle Its a great workout! Youll have just worked out so youll get drunk fast! Itll be rewarding! Ok so Ill see you at The Cliffs at LIC around 7? Lol I mean if youre not climbing we dont have to be in LIC but if youre down Its called the Shannon Pot Its just a low key bar with a bunch of TVs Nahh Mark u want gs? You got it mark 50 or 100? Yup Omg if this turns into omg we would have beat the raptors if we hadnt gotten swept by the warriors Im gonna have to rejoin the liga in August lol Yeah I know where this is going! So would everyone lol But the point is Dame has like a legit second option Who can draw defense and go one on one Steph rn does not Is Draymond a legit second option who can draw defense and go one on one? Good player yes But not that ? Crafting his retort Would you guys trade cj for Draymond? Re question Real* Lol dylan Moves to central Oregon Becomes a republican Starts smoking meth The cycle is complete Yeah that was actually a legit questions Question I was referring to the guards at a dime a dozen comment I dunno its hard to know I respect what youre saying But I also wonder If you swapped draymond with like a justice Winslow What would happen to both Lol well the magic won our division by two games So Thats not like Saying a lot lol Im what Um Golden state has Durant lol The heat would be a top seed? Hahahah this is insane Hahahahaha dude thats insane Were trash Wed have to beat out Boston We would not have been better than Boston with draymond lol Between the heat and Boston!? Bro the heat arent good lol Being a better Kelly olynyk is not a huge sell Wed be like the 6 seed lol And we could have been the six seed The east isnt bad You picked the Celtics to win the championship and bet me theyd beat the bucks No lol But now youre saying like The Celtics are garbage And e heat would usurp them with draymond No way! What!?!? Draymond is good but hes not drawing a. Double team ever But that has nothing to do with how dame is guarded? Ill answer It doesnt! I agree with all that but he does not draw a double team in the half court set Hes sagged off of from 3 This isnt an argument about whos better This is an argument about whether dame and stephs current situation are comparable Transition shouldnt apply to that argument Pick which discussion you wanna have Yeh but it has nothing to do with the defense dame sees dude! Youre arguing that dame sees tons of attention that Steph doesnt because the warriors have more threats Transition basketball is different Teams are consciously focusing solely against dame I hat situation If you wanna make an argument, its that Steph gets more open looks in transition bc draymond is good But that has nothing to do With the defensive gameplan I just think they can swarm Steph In a way you cant with another great scorer on the court Lol second time! I think he does This cover is over! Iced Yeah lol Im sitting across from Houman rn But someone please gimme that Thanks for the money mark! It my favorite, you know me so well! Yeah Coke is transcendent Hippies, ravers, hipsters, Wall Street bros All like blow Wow man Get this I also give them credit Birds of a feather! Nah no way Id loves this Youre done without me Lol my burgerville story;

I guess my dad married some woman in college and then got divorced within a year. Anyway, my mom thought learning this would be like upsetting to my brother and me. So we went to burgerville and my parents sat us down and told us, and like neither my brother or I cared? I dunno what they were expecting lol. Yeah lottery pick is a game changer Nah the Lakers arent getting ad They just cant man. As much as I love dinwiddie Like if your 4th pick turns into him Its more of a disappointment Than anything Not like a flat out bust I mean if the Nets give d-like D-lo Sign and trade? Yeah chad I agree but Id contend d-lo has more trade value than cj Rn I like the knocks package there actually Knox has the highest upside, you get the pick and Robinson will always be valuable for his athleticism Yeah Gundy Im like affirmatively in favor of Knicks In that scenario Nah Bet on yourself Take the picks Chemistry does matter If you get 4 and 6 Take that No Im with you 4,6 and ingram is a slam dunk Thats the best deal you could ever ask for Lonzo fetches 6 or 7 straight up? Nahhh Lol I mean its Phoenix But the luster is gone with lonzo He can set contribute but no one has inflated expectations for him at this point I agree lonzo is decent but hes 3 years in now Teams would rather take a chance Can you give me a single example of a team dishing a top 10 pick for a guy like lonzo? Honestly you can argue this is fumble but you cant argue tho isnt true; you dont get a top 10 pick without giving up multiple first rounders or an all-star Lavar is done, his only move is to sit back and market himself as a changed man who only error was loving his son too much Lol Let me tell you If chi traded their pick for lonzo Theres gonna be a second fire Lonzo has a place in the nba And honestly none of those top three Are exactly dominant The only scenario lonzo fetches a pick Is like a scenario when the sonics trades Ray for 4 Team that can contend rn but randomly has a pick Lol hot take Lakes are lucky if lonzo fetches a first rounder I mean no one wants role players Theres a million quality vets wholl sign a one year contract George hill in the playoffs was great I mean the only argument for lonzo Is that hes like dipo And for what its worth Everyone ripped the pacers And those pacers teams have been better than the thunder when dipo is healthy Dude what about the lebron vs Kawhi saga makes you say that? Cmon I love lebron but Kawhi has his number I just dunno why just bc the warriors became great we all decided defensive basketball was irrelevant The next dynasty isnt just gonna be warriors.2 No I agree but the raptors controlled the game start to finish Lebron didnt make the playoffs lol This is getting ridiculous lol If you guys are watching the raptors rn and the only conclusion you can draw from it is that they played in the east And are lucky Whats the poin? Point The bucks were good Like totally dominant And they just ran through the bucks The raptors If you see that and go Oh the bucks must have sucked It was of saying holy shit maybe Kawhi is the mvp Instead of saying* Also god damn Did punching the warriors in the cock game 1 count for nothing? I mean even game two they got everything they wanted and just went cold Lol well yeah duh Is that what were saying? Wait a minute Either you or i are misreading this I think people are saying lebron could have beat the raptors Which I think is nuts I mean not nuts but I dont think that Lol think the opposite of what what youre saying Is one of the greater accidental burns Ive ever heard Def I dunno I think its raps bucks now And that fucking rules Great Lakes bitches! Hey Dehaan Wanna put 50 on that like Houman did? I dunno about Denver I think theyre sort of like the blazers Theyre really good and always a threat to go far But right now I dont see them as serious contenders Would love to be proved wrong bc theyre a lot of fun Im confused by that Why does my Denver take have to do with the rockets? Weirdly In the west Prob the finals In the east? Depends on their seed Thats not a bad thing lol I just think they found something Kawhi, siakam and Ibaka I cant remember the last time I saw perimeter d like that No I ?? Lowry But the way Kawhi and siakam can just fly toward shooters Warriors have never seen that But honestly Giannis is fucking BROODING rn No if klay and Durant dont come back the warriors lose 4-1 And if they were never there they lose 4-0 To the bucks too... Yeah its debateable Absolutely! Dude what do they have to do? The have a bette record than anyone in the west Better point differential And finals mvp Kawhi 4-2 Id Denvers lucky The bottom half of the east is trash But Toronto and Milwaukee are monsters Toronto bullied golden state in game one And imposed their will in game 2 The dont give away half the third quarter this series is 3-0 And the sixers are raw dude! The sixers underperformed if anything all year Yeah As Ive said Over and over and over again Yeah but if you remove the sixers thats not true And transitive property is always a mess I mean you could go on forever Spurs went 7 with the nuggets How good are the spurs? Whats your point lol You think the blazers are better than the raptors and bucks? No man Im asking Do you think that? Thats fine The blazers absolutely have an argument That theyre better than philly Id take philly gun to my head but whatever But bucks and raps are a league above the blazers Wow Houman said it best I cant believe this How would this change the argument? Are you arguing that blazers re better than raptors? Ok so you are saying blazers are better than raptors? !?!?!!?!!? Oh god Yeah Raptors beat blazers 4-1 Because theyre better at 4 positions and by every statistical measure at our disposable, are in the finals, beat the same warriors team game 1 that swept you, and are up 2-1. Good night. Ok sorry The heat are the best team in the nba If Rodney mcgruder stayed healthy Yall would be toast Yeah I feel like this is the first move in a greater play I want Toronto tomorrow Justin heads up Id take KD over Davis + kyrie personally Damn lol Half a mil Nahhh He fucked up But I even think the word shove is a bit of an exaggeration He said that this morning lol Thats a little excessive Yeah A fine and a series ban I mean dude He might have said it again But he def said it Earlier ? No lol Not in any capacity whatsoever Damn banned for a year now Oh lol Yeah And he lost half a mil I think this is fairly appropriate punishment lol If anything excessive But fuck that guy What a turd And meanwhile Kyle Lowry wants a pat on the back! REAL MEN PLAY HOCKEY! ? ? Lololol Who wants action tonight? Finals :( Ok so wait and place your bet lol And its 4.5 God mark your already in the whole its time to turn this ship around! Throw some payola and the night warriors! Cant wait to hear how its all about the matchups! Ok so Lets talk east vs west? How bad do the raptors have to obliterate the warriors Til I can Uber eats curried crow to all your houses Sure dude Crickets eh boys? Thats on you bro Yeah lol this is like when players laugh after an airball Are Dylan and Dehaan awake? Ah yes the blazers would smoke these nerds This is the exact same lineup that swept you lol Lol get out of here Kawhi started this series hurt and they dominated them game one No but its not a great excuse for the warriors They still got worked in game 1 And come on its not a huge leap of logic that making excuses for the warriors is minimizing Torontos accomplishment Oh do I!? I feel pretty good about it! So is Milwaukee And philly is really good Definitely But does it matter? Jazz, old, clippers and spurs werent contenders Or that Kawhi moved out east lol Its not like lebron has ever had a problem with Kawhi or anything Dude klay missed one game Durant missed the whole series Because the bucks are also really good? Ok so I cant use

Playoff performance
Overall record 
Point differential 
Common opponents 
Etc etc etc

What metric am I allowed to use to evaluate the raptors? Lololol Im sorry I just looked at the box score Klay had his best game of the playoffs last night He scored more than in any game he played against the playoffs The blazers* It was his second best scoring night (he had 32 on night against the clippers) And shot 11-18 Just wanna confirm, the take is that the raptors are doing this bc klay isnt healthy right? Lol I forgot my grinder had a keef catch Opened it for the first time in forever ? Time to get high! Place your bets! Warriors +2.5 now Could go down if Kd plays! So bet now! Lol no one outside this group thinks Zach has all star potential but I think thats a fair trade Do the blazers have two firsts? I think all-star potential prob means more along the lines Could develop into a good player/hasnt peaked yet Not like is a fringe all star rn I guess if hes a center lol Wasnt Steven Adams an all star? Who were the centers in the west? No last year Oh wait they did away With east/west Forgot What if it was dame for Davis straight up? Does anyone want warriors tonight? Alright guys! Time to go all in on gs! Can I get raptors anybody ? Last chance to bet warriors boys I gave mark pick em (which is a full goddamn point and a half) And since it IS the last night of the nba season Ill extend my generosity to you guys as well! Damn Houmans gonna owe me 50 too! Can I get an infinity loop of Lowry stuffing cousins and raking to the house? Keek da sneak This fourth Is about to solidify Kawhi For all of eternity Also if I have to hear how the warriors are off tonight Im gonna spontaneously combust Theyre shooting 47% from three Youre a little off Lol mark I hate you so much rn I gave mark the goddamn pick em I know Lowry did not step up in his legacy game Im so pissed lol God I could have got you to take the goddamn line Yeah and he shot it behind the backboard lolol Nah this is what you get for being an upstanding guy Nice guys finish last Lol sorry I mean it doesnt rn? Patience! Honestly though are argument it really whether we should count good but non contending teams toward strength of conference Yeah I know Be a man mark Gimme 1.5 points game 6 Thats the real crime! Habitual line stepper Is that Mitch hedberg? Ahhh Lol I mean Ive seen this many times! RIP Bro tho I gotta say Ive had the displeasure of being around a fair amount of raps fans lately And theyre annoying as hell lol It reminds me of when the Seahawks won Like I love the Seahawks But we were totally insufferable I know but theres no more annoying fan base than the one with a chip on their shoulder Inferiority complex etc Hahaha I mean Me too But yeah you lived there True I dunno cubs fans might be the worst Taking the el past wriggleyville And then the train just loading up with red drunk cubs fans Enough to break a man I mean Yankees fans will like throw a bottle at you By at least you dont have to hear about the cubs way Put .2 back on the clock! Lol Im like out of weed but I still have that keef I gonna do a straight keef bowl and nod off Yeah one time I was at the huskies Oregon game in Seattle with my dad and this drunk Oregon fan (like couldnt walk) was in front of us and kept pointing to the girl hue was with saying she wants the d! And then leaning and telling my dad that she wants the d then put his arm around him and told my dad he loved him I wanted to slit his throat lol Wait lol did my previous text not go through? Did I delete it accidentally? Yeah I mean I feel for him But i dont feel for the warriors Omg no one told KD he had to play tonight There was obviously pressure But he wanted to play Grown ass man I definitely feel for KD Who is legitimately annoying but always always plays his ass off But come on he didnt get forced to play Damn Dubov I got asked to interview at Johannes Leonardo Should we be blood rivals? What do the hornets get out of this? Lolol yeah how is hearing no speculation a good sign Radio? Oh Im shocked! Morning fuckers Who wants to gamble! Yes You definitely should Come on you cowards Western conference At home! CHad I had some friends who did a beer run in high school and some lady lol tried to block the door and they like knocked her over They had to do a diversion and get lawyers to avoid assault and battery Lol they were the assaulters not the assaultees Lol is it worth 90 bucks to go to the draft? Yeah Bro arent you from toronto!? Lol I get that Im a peg down on the jaded scale though Congrats Warriors down And youre still miserable Viva la eastern conference Van vleet is the new Harrison Barnes Yeah it didnt roll I dont think Oh it was the knee I dont like that rule It should be til the end of the quarter Oh hes back Youre fine pussy! -bob meyers Lowry revenge game I know its lame I mean I like 100 bucks more than I like being right but I deserve both Is boogie still good? Like Hes healthy I dont mean like he sucks Wow the refs really are letting them play This is awesome Yeah but lebron did! And Kawhi beat lebron! Where you at now bitch!?!? Houman Im in Brooklyn Hey guys Hard feelings aside I know the superliga is gonna die down a bit until October But I love you guys Great season Lots of funny shit happened Brand new world champ We got our moneys worth this round Yeah I used to be the last guy in the shower Bc I hadnt grown armpit hair or pubes yet So I can relate Fun fact! Canadians are actually assholes! Guys The nba rules now Honestly man It could be worse? Were gonna learn a lot about Steve Kerr! Like they could be worse than four For them its about as bad as it gets But Durant gonna stay now And him and klay are gonna come back for the playoffs Im all for it Wow way to go KD Ruin the nba AGAIN! ? They could have had future hall of famer Zac Collins! Lol if you told the new balance marketing guys the tag line that was gonna break them out of years of irrelevance was board man gets paid theyd prob quit and become monks or something Yeah I mean thats something that can only happen organically No ad creative is submitting board man gets paid Ah Rengel Always participating with the brands! Make sure you tweet that and @ State Farm You can be part of their engagement agencies pitch deck! Lol I take it the Meyers redemption tour has run its course Man you guys pumped for the draft? Jesus he looks awful No take your damn time Im on the subway! I mean they got dion so its really a wash anyway imo I think I want rui if we can get him But if not Lets take a swing at one of the guards Porter or Langford No way! Well I dunno unless theres been recent developments everyone said he was a stretch for Miami Fuck! Bro I wanted rui :( Kp or Romeo Sekou would be such a heat pick Ugh I hate it Man this is so lame Man You guys have made it Your a-list superstar Is beefing with Marvin bagley Always appreciate having dick vitales notes ? Alright fuck it Tyler Herro Lets go! Lol Kevin porter Holy shit is he really still on the board? Man you guys gotta be pumped Two rivals, branded together for life Tyler Herro vs Nassir Little This is bird vs magic Lol Tyler Herro is only potential Romeo is the steal of the night Miami! Lol so much for that best recruiting class in the country Omg lol God this rules lol We got Tyler Herro and bol bol Wit Wut God fucking damnit! Fuck God God fucking damnit Why cant anything in this world be good! This is bullshit (Bol)shit Fuck! https://twitter.com/WillManso/status/1141916531263254529?s=20 God Im so upset rn Lol I wouldve been pumped if we took him at 13 Tyler Herro you have some size 27 shoes to fill Well what the fuck did we get! Pat Riley the genius! Damn lol Pat Riley Is gonna go out like Phil Jackson Aint he Damn mark Congrats on your achievement You made the most idiotic assessment ever Where do we send your award? Not my fault the east has the four best teams Bro Tyler herro ROY Volume scorer! I mean I still dunno how I feel about the pick But I love the heat actually swung on a guy whos all offense Precisely I thought they were gonna draft sekou I wanted Langford but Im drinking the kool aid CBS sports gave us an A draft grade! Bummed about bol bol Feel like okpala could be a steal White flight! The last white man in Miami Should win some oscars Lol saw he got arrested with drugs and a bunch of guns https://images.app.goo.gl/owm9fQETTqxrAFdy9 Damnit didnt send the gif But this guy? Who would have thought! ? Guns and drugs!? Seems off brand Yeah Fucking shart shamer I like to think Clayton sharts all the time and then goes to hr when people make
Fun of him Omg lol Time to sell your house Well I beat you to it Matt but yours was better God I used to do that in Miami But my base pay was like 6 cents so I felt it was my right Yeah i had to quit shafting in Chicago because it would freeze and get stuck to my leg Lol a real tweet from a girl I went to HS with ? Riding the wave! ? Ok.... Lol is it? Steph did average 27? Why? No lol but you called it garbage! Theyre at worst, totally comparable ?Sorry mark. Your reign is no more. The fuck! Any chance he doesnt actually do it Leverage plays Play? Oh shit! Wow lots of open posits at mlb internal content teams rn

https://deadspin.com/white-sox-include-emmett-till-on-list-of-celebrities-fr-1835988730

https://deadspin.com/mets-include-two-still-living-former-players-in-memoria-1835988212 Prob like a dicks sporting goods no? Girlfriend says she saw one in target Lol if we get jimmy were 4 now and the skys the limit Jimmy, josh and justice J boys! Matt work some magic here I mean if its a sign and trade Theyre gonna need to part with somebody right? Damn Im all about this But I love those guys Yeah hes definitely the most promising dude on the heats roster Wow. Ah man I was hoping it would be dragic Bro heat to the finals Dragic herro jimmy justice bam I think the heat just have to find somewhere to dump Dragic What it sounds lik Like Bro the nba is insane rn This is as crazy as we could have possible envisioned Yeah I agree only bc the lakers arent coming the best record in history More like the heat situation Which still pissed everybody off ?? Haha wow This does and doesnt bum me out I really believe Hassan can put up big numbers again But if this sheds the salary we need For jimmy I like that were making a run with dragic Dude when spo gave whiteside minutes he played well Hes still a monster on d Yeah and like if you werent getting love... this is a pretty baller consolation prize Yeah I dunno I feel like this is a great haul Also its one year I dunno I think Portland wins big here Whiteside has a lot left in the tank Spo just hates him Though enjoy watching him get two consecutive garbage fouls topped off with a technical bc hes mad he got blocked I mean I dunno, other than Kevin love, what more could have you asked for? Especially considering how hard they were trying to give him max money two years ago I feel like theres no low floor though? Like I said its one year Even in limited mins last year 23 per game Whiteside averaged 12 and 11 Plus youll get to watch John canzano shit his pants once a month or so I think the blazers might be favs in the western conference I dunno why not? Lakers? The witch is dead bro Blazers have as good a shot as anyone Well yeah Man turner is bitter lol So we keep dragic now? Got ourselves a contender in south fla baby! Whos doubting Dolan now!? Lol how can both teams lose a trade like that Oh I thought it said b- Eh Im still of the belief whiteside can ball You dont think they could do better than an expiring contract for love? If they were so content on shipping him out, why not now? Yeah jeez lol Dear god Haha yeah I saw that too Chad Dragic, herro, Butler Is it August yet? God no Lol this is gonna dog me all year Honestly its weird Like my two fav dudes are gone Jimmy tho! Man Tyler fucking herro looked pretty goddamn pure last night https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=MTHsDomcTP8 VAR time baby! Trump benched her Executive power Heat gonna get cousins Be the baddest team in the league Ugh poor Toronto RIP eastern conference supremacy 2019-2019 Yeah I mean I wanted him to stay but this is a great second option I think Milwaukee is still better Yeah damn Clips are def the new favs However! Its not as bad As if he went to the Lakers Also kinda dope PG and Kawhi are both SoCal natives And are on the Clippers and not the Lakers The real nba team in LA! Man Im curious about this record setting collection of draft choices Pg is also like The second quietest guy So Two peas in a pod Steve fucking balmer goddamnit lol Hey I dunno Ill take Milwaukee If anyone else wants to take a different team Obviously not giving you the field But you can take the clippers Up to 50 I mean shot at winning? Or making it? U think bucks are Vegas favs Houman? Dylan pick you squad I got Milwaukee Yeah I mean thats where reddit took my 90% of the time anyway Man dont tell me were losing, I tried to bet on the Netherlands but this Portuguese WiFi blocked Bovada Yeah I mean go US and all Just that were such huge favs And have been pretty close/reliant on penalties in the last couple games And blocks Gundy! He was pretty damn good against Portland last year! Wow God Im so out of the loop Is his really happening? Yeah lol Is it weird if I dont know how to feel about it? Westbrook is a generational talent and athlete But they were so disappointing with him and PG Then again the outside of those two the Thunder were total garbage And he heat are still fairly deep Id put them as fringe contenders tbh but it really depends what they give up for Westbrook WhAt would pic possibly want? Okc* Yeah I mean he averaged a triple double one year, has an mvp and led multiple playoff teams Same continent! Yeah I mean Westbrook and jimmy are total heat guys Dame whiteside pick and roll will be fun Man how many games did the clippers get against gs? Did Durant play? Who the 1? Hmmmm I guess Ill go over Spo will be good for him Hes still a decent athlete right? Youre smearing* the English language Lol I dunno Hard to get a read on the Heat rn A lot went wrong last year I mean the pacers were pretty raw with dipo But who knows if hell be the same player What if we get Russ? Apparently the thunder want herro, bam and justice for Winslow Yeah maybe I dunno if the thunder would take that I dont wanna lose herro lol He looks so fun Yeah who knows That d would be brutal But I dunno if dragic can stay healthy this year We could still do some damage Well see how jimmy ha does being #1 Its been a while Depth matters **immediately signs Raymond felton** Id take cp Hes still really good You guys are gonna love Hassan Im telling you hes still got game And you didnt lose to the warriors the last two years? Whats so great about the jazz? Also I could see Portland fucking up tho I dont think they will But its like a completely new team sans the guards Wow espn power rankings pretty wild Milwaukee number 1 Denver number 2 Lakers 6 youre gonna make this joke and just leave your chance to call them the white power rankings on the table? I dunno man ? How many DUIs does that guy (me) have? I mean its def privilege but its not like he was handed anyones business Mark I see u more as a atoms guy A toms guy Meyers Legend ?? ?? Gundy where are you Pandering for market share? Yeah dont tread on us bitch I tiger would take a gorilla I think the tiger is #1 land predator for sure Reach them how to negotiate a supermax Teach Lol Im guessing the pau projections have more to do with his 120 playoff appearances Not that that means a lot Wait I dont get the of Changs Wow 49.5 for Boston? The fuck dude I thought we was friends Nice man! Im still at work But wont be here too long Where are you staying? Lol youre two blocks away from me Hit me when youre done if youre game, Im still at work Outlaw baby! I dunno hes a 20 year dressing in trendy Miami clothes and taking Instagram photos at the wynwood walls This has never happened before! Bro he goes up in my book ? New phone background Mmmmm Look at them legs baby, those are some legs can carry a dynasty! ? ? Wowowowow Crazy today this To say But it would actually be kinda sick If the warriors won next year Oh lol Yeah u guys arent gonna win I disagree! But maybe! This is true I think it depends on klay But mostly I see the clippers dominating Kawhi has already been the best player in the playoffs 3 times now Now he has Paul George and Lou Williams Montrez will only get better This is true but they also had no a-listers Oh wow hot take alert Kawhi is also like the most malleable dude in the league He can fit into any system right away Honestly I dont get the melo stuff Why do you want an out of shape tweener who cant really shoot or play defense Bc sadly Thats kinda what melo is now Blazers would have won the super bowl in Zac (Anthony Davis stopper) Collins hadnt gotten hurt in July! I dont think Meyers will be sick on the heat tbh Lol dude Amazing? These guys are right lol hes an 8 year bet Vet* Hes fully baked man Yeah Honk if youre horny guy I too enjoy money! Omg delta is shaking! CANCELED Or the best? At least its less boring I believe the term is Devils Triangle No but a lot of bud Oh Ill be there! Hope its on a weekend this time Man day or Sunday would be so clutch Sat* Oh fuck yeah Just what this group needs A full afternoon of drinking Yeah fuck it lol Im flying across the country for basketball game Damn Dubov pick another weekend for SLC Yeah its at 6 Pretty doable tbh Lol I was thinking about this with the Russians the other day You can say whatever the fuck you want about the Russians Sorry Dubov St Pete is great! I bet theres something to love about Orlando but my experience is its the blandest place on earth Basically what Gundy said Im fine with eliminating kickers but if were eliminating all the wild cards lets kill head to head scoring while were at if. Thats such bullshit Clayton explain that Every week you want to score as many points as possible You cant prepare for an opponent Sure but with what Brock said Thats still irrelevant I disagree with you guys since its not like if your guys happened to all be good one week Has nothing to do with consistency But Im ok with Brocks solution Bc I can see a lot of people giving up early What does head to head scoring Have to do with how you build your team clay? Dude youre not drafting 11 book or bust guys Yeah see thats an argument Yeah at least it makes baseline sense though Yeah I think thats what Dubov is saying We havent faced like Being unable to find work for long periods You also picked a super competitive career, I mean being in like take anything I can get mode And still no luck It hurts the our parents demo the most really Yeah def I endorse this Nate is seriously underrated tho Lol what a psycho Bro Im 1000% behind just making the g-league all stars our team Plus if we win we can be like psh our jv team is better than the rest of the world And if we lose we can be like Psh Those werent even our good players I disagree Zac is no sure thing at all You guys would be legit contenders with LA Hes still really good You only get so many chances I dunno San Antonio already proved theyre willing to hold out With kawhi Yeah lol I dunno how true that is ? Its real Hes got a bigger problem than all of us! Every line is hilarious That guy has a serious weight problem! Devastating burn tbh Yeah lol Man Chad Thats amazing ?? Tell them actually you learned all about tolerance from living in a frat Thats shut em up! Thatll* Just sing them one of our communal very brother frat hymns! Hit with a little yo ho That one aged well! Goddamn mark I wanna come Lolol Schremph right? I know I spelled that wrong lol I remember screaming at Detlef Schrempf through the fucking tv for missing lay ins His kid was in the league for a min no? Oh man He doesnt know it But that like did him in No one will see that And think hes like an important media guy There is nothing wrong with going to Benihana on your birthday But his tone was too real lol Like not a hint of irony or kayfabe whatever lol Just a sad night at Benihanas I mean agin nothing wrong with that! But dont whine about the service publicly! Exposed! Look Ive been off the sauce for a couple weeks, job interviews and shit But Im drunk and cleaning my house My apartment? Might move back to Chicago! Big week starting Mon Honestly I root for marines at this point lol Maroney Let me tell you Chicago is a damn fine city! Yeah I bet Denver would be soo Dope* Advertising tho Sort of narrow Crispin is in boulder and theyre a big shop But mostly Im tethered to a few markets But Chicago is like a cheat code man Huge global city Cheap as hell lol I move one milligram of clutter/dust/whatever per 30 mins God feb 9th Chad You gonna be there!? There ya go! Man Imagine An entire Superliga ? Live from Bronx,NY Damn dux opening at 11 in the ap Damn Dubov no bike? You strike me as someone who should def own a bike Ahhh Royce white had it right Stephen A The puppet master! The best idea Ive ever heard in this group was when Brock suggested the nba/WNBA jersey swap Everyone would eat that up And all the ad people would get big contracts Honestly Dubov you should pitch it for Nike Do they have all the WNBA i is too? Yeah its a banger Youre also the only company that can do it You have all the jerseys Yeah its a huge win for everybody The only issue I could ever see arising is having like Derrick rose in a WNBA jersey But I dont think that would be an issue Is there anybody at wieden you work with? Hire Brock as a freelancer lol so he can win a bunch of ad awards and then go back to doing science Surprised Taco Bell would back him even after he said the best taco bowls come from trump tower Have some conviction Jesus Christ ?God look at these clowns Yeah I mean Hes pretty fucking rich Yeah I dunno he was a good qb when he was healthy? Wow Maybe the best tweet ever I know he just handed them a reason to do to It Thats the weirdest tweet ever Lol yeah hes really going in on the actor thing lol Lol its so petty but he uses words wrong like I saw this comment where he said his superpower was his unabridged sarcasm Lie 90% sure he mean unbridled Unabridged basically just means longer lol Sam and his trademark long form sarcasm Yeah maybe we just dont get it yet Yeah I watched that Wild I actually agree with this Even if you dont care about the animals eating less meat is something we all should do Full disclosure Im off the meat rn Also like i hate the whole masculine proud meat eater thing lol Like unless you hunted the animal lol, youre not more of a man because you eat chicken nuggets Was that a joke Dylan? Vegans can eat McRibs Its their one compromise Look it up Jesus dude get of 4chan Also I bought stock in beyond meat So ya know Theres that Lol Im not trying to save the planet Yeah I think I can tell you where every state is lol Yeah lol I wouldnt miss more than 3 states The only hard part is the east coast but now that Ive kinda been through the commuter states Pretty sure Id knock out the whole map Yo Buying madden rn How long does this shit take to download!? Great to see this squad bouncing back from adversity (kid dying). Shows real character. Who here is a fraud and who here bet on the dux? Wow Incredible Oh shit! Herbert! Oh man were going to the natty Oh my god! SEC SEC Herbert is like Peyton Manning now lol wut happened Anyone wanna play madden after the game? Yeah Im ok with that sure! But it now! You did the broadcast crew get shut off? Omg What is happening!?!? Fuck!!! Were so sick tho Our d I had an impossible whopper A* Lol Does auburn just kinda suck? The qb is trash lol Dumbass punter We left 10 off the board Im so not afraid of bo nix tho Lol these guys suck Amazing photo No smoking in the house! The fuck was that? Why the timeout? Its take the five yards Just take* Lol were like an sec team now No more high octane o I dunno up 8 They cant move the ball I dont hate it Were a deity d first program now Embrace it! Wow I Wow Why do I participate in something Yet after year That brings me so much misery God fucking damnit There goes a cool 100 God Im so goddamn pissed Bro a guy Im playing in madden just went for a fg on 4th and one at the goal line Pretty sure Im playing Mario cristobal Damn Rengel After that burn He might as well be impeached Anderson Varejao, Leandro Barbosa, and Bruno Caboclo led Brazil to a 79-78 win over Greece Amazing Oh fuck That just in Vegas? Hmmmm Mark Interesting Yeah mark 50! Just interviewed there yesterday Gotta bet on the city with broad shoulders Jus for the juju To be fair Mike Mayock is a cracker Goddamn how the fuck is that pic still my avatar Man Gundy Thats good Having experienced both This is accurate Only inaccuracy here is 12 dollars is a steal for a cocktail in nyc And I can get a bee at a grocery store bar for 2.50 in Chicago Is it not called mulch? I went to a concert with my brother earlier, the artist is called mitski (really great!) but after we went to a bar. I said to my brother man mitski is amazing the waitress in earshot turned around and said wait what did you just say!? I said uh the artist mitski is amazing? She cracked up and said so sorry I thought you said something else and walked away laughing What do you think she thought I said Ive been on this for an hour and the best Ive got is those titties are amazing! She was pretty yes Alex Not like busty How would that help get to the bottom of this!? Mitt (baseball glove) ski (winter sport) I just feel like It would have to have been really bad For her to be like Im excuse me To a private conversation I honestly wouldnt be surprised if shoreside was an all star! Hes still got it! Remember last year in Portland? Nurkic was healthy that game? And you did pay to watch it? Im confused ?? Stop shitting on your own player lol This isnt me deal any more Anymore* Yeah Nah my b I misread that Watching him and nurk scrimmage would legitimately be fun Lol sort of a fun fact that Nurkic got six assists that game I know this is nuts Chiefs pats afc finals gonna be sick Is it better to lose week 1? Get a better shot at the guys no one saw coming Rg3 alert Oh shit! Honestly guys I think ab is gonna dominate Its gonna be like Brady and miss Miss Moss* Guy knows the issues God every part of that image is so funny Aww shit I want Texans! Mark what is it now Fuck! Hey Harnold Its a huge thing Man just googling the story see this published 9 hours ago ? Seems like the first issue is gonna be a bigger deal than a number! Jimmy 11! Lol I love the nba Like jimmy Butler is just my fav player now I think kawhi should be 1 until proven otherwise But yeah I used to play ballers kids in lacrosse once a year and hed show up at the games and act like a complete lunatic NFC west best division in football? Love that the hawks get back to back rothlesberger brees backups Kyler looks great How would that team do tho? Everybody in their prime Lol the I believe the phrase is ships in the night Wonder where hes been eating! Are there any good nba foodies? Happy birthday Rengel! Anyone trying to get sum titans jags actions Guess he wasnt working the playoffs! You think the clips are about to be a dynasty? I kinda do Yeah but hes an LA guy Ad clips are well managed I dont think it is man, kawhi has been dominant for years now And now he has pg Maybe just because theres a lot of good teams this year Yeah Also doc is a great defensive coach And he has two of the best wing defenders of his generation now I think For your money GS is a great bet Yeah but every year hes been healthy Hes a pretty sizable fluke from having 3 finals mvps Pg will prob average more points no? Id go see social d with u Dubov White light white heat white trash! Also since thats your jaw u should check out some coral fang era distillers This is like the hardest rocking song that ever rocked hard https://open.spotify.com/track/2QvadgKqjs87cvu0qXvMwV?si=MR9eyYXGTXmBdD52uNdXIQ Yeah I saw them at the white river amphitheater back in the day Really? Doesnt happen for me! Did you see he like sent threatening texts to the second accuser like YESTERDAY Hes seriously insane Hassan starting in the playoffs Damn Ravens chiefs yall Mark and I bet on 11 games lol One sec lol ??? Mark has **UPDATED**

Cowboys -23
Patriots -21.5
Vikings -9
Cardinals -2
Chargers -3
Saints +4.5
Niners -7
Bears-4
Browns +3.5
Chiefs -6
Eagles -5 If you wanna do any of those lemme know gundy God madden Just tied it up with 0 on the clock Went for 2 for the win (I know thats not technically how it works but you get it) Got it Lockett on the slant Got hit right as he caught it Often the algorithm is pretty cold in that scenario! But he held onto it ?Weird score for a football game Willie Lyles > Willie taggart Taggert* Had it right the first time I couldnt love a tweet more Wow We beat Stanford Not one single eco tonight Sco* :( Anyone watching UCLA wazzu? Wazzus qb has 8 tds! Chip back? They were down 32!? This is incredible 9 tds now Im sorry Vintage fucking Chip Is chip crying!? Goddamnit I thought I hit UCLA in the fourth Celebrated Jumped up and down See now the bet didnt go through! That was so sick Tho Kelly just saved his job lol Cool headline ? Just ordered some shrimp nachos And guacamole Got my nfl Sunday ticket free trial Some ice cold presidentes Lol raiders announcer just said the Antonio brown thing really galvanized this team I love big balls Jim harbaugh too Hes already gone for four fourth downs Flea flicker td! Raiders Lions are capable of being randomly 9-7 and smashed in the first round Its a shame we cant just see a pats chiefs super bowl Lol the fuck? Julio is ducking balling Psh ravens bout to cover Lol that was straight out of nfl blitz Damn After the early games its 3-2 mark Oh shit I thought it was 5! Eat shit! Also thats not technically backdoor Yup Love it You got lucky with the cowboys! Yeah backdoor means garbage time Not the end of a competitive game Ravens had a shot Jets Backdoor Paid 10 dollars to change my gamer tag to PaganRussWilson The Kyle Allen era is upon us Lolniners What the fuck was that Pete? Yeah! Lol so bout this nfc west... I mean I said the same thing lol Yeah They just dont have any great teams tho We just got annihilated at home by teddy bridgewater There are expectations for the Seahawks... So much for our super locks mark After the afternoon games Space 6 Big Dog 3 Theyre not bad But I dont think Id go that far No one in that division will truly contend AFC east is actually interesting Lol Freddie kitchens with the fourth and nine draw I beat Mark 7-4 In our challenge Go me! Man no respect for jimmy b Lol chad What specifically does The blazers time Entail? Yeah Love whiteside He shouldnt buy machine guns and leave them in an u parked car Bu other than that Im team Hassan Also yeah chad, I agree chad. The standard for blazers time should be better than the 2019-20 Miami Heat So were on the same page The seat you get with the Maroney Level Titanium Rewards Card ? Lol ok I can see the pilot Maroneys got stories to break.... hes gotta get off first (or at least 3rd or 4rth) Anyone want the eagles tonight? This gotta be philly fan fight related Great game yall Ok we both know they were talking conspiracy theories and something about the world being a simulation at 4:15 am While were on Danny McBride Yall watching righteous gemstones? We are all sinners Mark Yeah I dunno I feel like these capitalists that hate Liz are kinda telling on themselves In regards to syria, I do think that its a mess Nice recovery! Dude this election is just gonna make everyone fucking miserable Im legitimately dreading it Wow Was beating this dude 28-7 Then missed two fgs and a PAT And he stormed back But then I drove down And hit a 46 harder with 1 second left 37-35 hawks baby Whole apartment* here in ny Did Houman just send that to everyone in his contacts? Lolol I swear I wont tell another madden tail again in this group But this dude picked me off at the one yard line But madden glitches out and gave me a safety lol He messaged me Can I have the ball back bc that was bs Hahaha Yeah sure dude! ?Its going down Sure! Gimme 10 Duvals gotta poop Hound has shat Ready when u are Dylan Send me an invite PaganRussWilson Gundy Tap in Mark and I bet on every game this week Did a fantasy draft to pick them ? Rough Dubov Are you getting into tik tok Yeah its getting huge I doubt Id get into it but Id like to understand it better just for work Omg lol They kicked out burfict for the season I mean at this point.... Not sure this man will change his ways U man no one has ever deserved the benefit of the doubt less , and I have a lot , is the worst flex ever lol Look up the word coerce Then the word collude And decide which one you really meant to use! Lol Russell is def a hall of gamer Famer Russ has made the playoffs every year since a hes been in the league except one, two super bowl appearances (one win), never had a losing record Lol Wilson is not Flacco lol Right but if his career ended today that would be taken into account lol Ok well then we probably shouldnt say that about practically anybody If youre say precluding a massive injury or something Also man Russell hasnt exactly been gifted great o lines or receivers Its not at all But hes theres without that Nah hes way more than halfway through Yeah this is dumb, I get why youd hate Russel, but come on Russell has been consistently great for like 7 years now Plus hes like the nfls poster boy for conduct lol Lol it definitely is like it or not Oh come on Sure! The HOF always screws over guys that gave the league trouble Matt Ryans problem is sometimes he and his team suck serious ass for long periods of time The Seahawks are consistently competitive Lol I used to pose as a deranged bothell fan on the SeattleTimes.com high school football forums and stir shit up Its gotta be Liz guys Wow thats a take Ok who you gonna primary for? Kamala? Biden? You gotta have a preference! Yeah! Liz is made of policies Kamala is a cop! Yeah I Misread that too Was glad I reread before shooting back lol I dont like kamala that much but I actually think she could be a beast in the debates Still think Julian Castro could make a play but its prob too late now People that like Biden could jump on board The new slightly more left Obama I mean at least shes not resigned to it Right of Liz is a hell of a lot better than right of kamala or Biden And thats how a meme gets ruined :( Lol i love Fox News with the dumbest possible pandering ? Just an ad I saw Fun fact I had my car towed by tremont towing They were not very negotiable! No bail for R. Kelly. Jesus lol This is dumbest smear of all time lol ? Lol no it was a response to the tweet mark shared Im two months off the meat Ok! Wow ? Man when Chris Carson isnt fumbling he can kinda ball! Boys Ive got an option to move to Detroit Would love to hear thoughts front he Superliga Yeah that messed me up during my first interview! They called when I was on the subway Ahhh the perks Driving distance from Toronto Man this defense... Wowowow Thank god lol Id never forgive Carson for that Thats pick baby Go hawks Omg lol hawks please cover That stupid pitch goddamnit If the rams march down Im gonna cry They dont need 95 yards The need 55 They* Lets go hawks baby Come on Greg! You get paid a lot of money not to do that! Mark Lets gamble 100 says hawks top Niners in the standings Wouldnt it be the same? Russell Wilson has never in his life had an original thought Hes a robot with two settings Football and Jesus Lol were talking about a guy who got busted For describing his girlfriend on Twitter on after googling how to describe a beautiful woman Lol I need to see a Top 10 Russell Wilson Quotes listicle Just depends what dipo can do Speaking of mid sized midwestern cities Im fly out out to Detroit on Sunday Lol Chicago in like an hour from Milwaukee People are wayyyy too horny for Utah these days Sucks you cant be a strongish playoff team like the Miami Heat ? Go ducks! Wow Would Morey get fired over this? Eh I still think Lamar is goodhe has growing pains but hes still super dynamic And can throw a great deep ball Man this fantasy week is insane Everybody is racking it up Im projected for 110 and its the second lowest in the league lol ?Got this in the air flying to Detroit ?Guess I gotta drink 5 Budweisers Lol I got an Uber, the drivers name is Jamal Turns out its an old Greek man Not what I was expecting! Lol Morey did not do anything immoral But as an employee he potentially cost his company a billion dollars Which I dunno, youd have to ask one of these liga sales guys, but I dont think youre supposed to do that Honestly I think The Chinese government is the one humiliating themselves here Youre gonna van you countries favorite team because one employee opposed one aspect of your government Its only gonna then people against them Lol I didnt know this thats intense! We sure kiss their ass lol For a country that considers itself the preeminent world power Great to know the zers have spent the past 8 years planning their around getting swept in the playoffs! Man it should be fucking illegal for a team to retaliate like that Lol I dunno if you can trash on someone for saying no comment lol Maybe he just doesnt know enough about the issue to feel comfortably speaking publicly about it lol I know I just think he has like nothing to do again, and who honestly cares what Steve Kerr thinks about China Like I guess I feel know enough to say I support the honk Kong protesters but I definitely dont know enough to feel comfortable speaking publicly about the issue No lol but this is like one step from Dave Chappells someone get ja rule on the phone 911 joke I get what youre saying Tho Its just hard to know if this is actually censorship with Kerr Or just a legit no comment Tho I dunno theres a point to be had That any higher up in the nba rn Prob is at least now educating themselves on this So yeah, maybe feigning ignorance I dunno I mean if a famous figure feels comfortable criticizing his own government but is afraid of criticizing the Chinese governmentwhos your daddy? Tune in next week when Kevin McHale tweets his support for the KKK Can you believe its only four short months to the Super(liga) Bowl of February 9th? Alright boys Staying in nyc But I gotta say I was really impressed with the city of Detroit! Gundy we can still hang out in the bronx Gundy madden tonight? Maybe he was just so impressed He wanted to get you the money as fast as possible! First day of the new job today Knew it lol This only made them look bad lol Gillum would be a pretty strategic pick Florida can swing the election And hes spent the past year getting more people registered Hes friendly! Whoa Yeah they were heavily featured in that movie Great film William h Macy as the shoveler Why dont you shovel it in! This one was way better https://twitter.com/electrolemon/status/1182047291084959744?s=20 Hahahahahhaja Miami is in no way A good driving city Bro buy one of those hugeass rail spikes and puns that shit into the drywall Youre a goddamn homeowner, act like it God chad I could have been like you if Id moved to Detroit The Sudafed thing is stupid no? From my recollection, while yes, Sudafed is used to make meth Its more like a bonding agent not the active ingredient that gets you high (Brock back me up here?) I dunno when Ive been subscribed Sudafed the doc basically said take as much as you want Chemistry major Honors college! But pretty sure all Sudafed does is liquify mucus buildups Goddamnit dude Its Saints +2.5 I know it sound too good to be true but it is! ?? Im scolding mark rn Take that mark! You have been admonished! ? 5-1 yall If anybody needs new headphones Ive got a 30% discount on sennheiser shit Putting in an order this week Yeah I mean I always feel like companies put too much weigh behind media strategy If you look at any of the stuff that was drove any kind of earned media (kapernick/dilly dilly) the medium didnt really matter Hyper targeted ad serving is pretty useless if the ad itself it total garbage Also everybody sleeps on out of home/billboard/print Which is really silly because those are the only ads anybody like voluntarily consumes I read every subway ad Bc Im very bored on the subway Its not that I believe in traditional media its just that a video is still a video and poster is still a poster regardless of where you stick it Yeah Im kinda with Dubov here Ive been doing this for a minute now and I still dont know what the fuck a media impression actually is It always kind felt like bullshit lol Yeah lol Youll get more impressions than like the entire us population Also all the metrics ad agencies roll out at award shows are essentially made up Man the rest of the the quote is so much worse ? Lol at this point the I dont have enough information Omg That was infuriating Like I dont care about this game But like we just got robbed of watching a game winning drive I know! But like barring a pick 6 I was gonna win anyway No Detroit covered So like The game just being over the way it ended Was like best case scenario for me Actual money and you spent six weeks trying to collect And then your friends just like Ill just buy us pizza And you accepted But then let it stew for like weeks Nice lil comeback the week It wasnt the massacre of week 5 Hey man Washington fans must have been happy they could honor Columbus Day with a victory this week Theres a good lesson in this It fucking sucks to be the Detroit lions I mean the lions look decent this year They just got royally fucked lol Yeah lol The lions got got fucked so so so bad https://deadspin.com/lets-not-get-too-excited-about-tyler-herro-the-greates-1839044912 Lol we need the Nike kapernick style Daryl morey ad Just the exact same black and white print But moreys big pasty mug Come on Dubov! Im giving you a freebie here Someone with a twitter following make it and tweet it Lol. Believe in nothing. Even if it means sacrificing nothing. I mean he was like yard away from the rushing record And Andy Reid went with the Matt hasslebeck qb snack from 2 yards out lol At the end of the last game of the season lol Lol Homogeneous Holmgren I mean lol Fuck you chad you stole my theory! Lol no I never voiced it But cam to Denver Yeah That was always gonna happen All I can say about AOC is that I live in her district, and while the Bronx has its trouble Ive been pretty impressed with the amount of social services Ive seen And people using them Not sure how much that would have to do with her Lol wut? I see what you did Matt Wow you didnt invite me to the league this year? Pretty messed up guys Lol I cant believe they had Kendall rip up his prepared speech at the end and then just leave it there lol Wrong group Yeah dont read that Yeah, wasnt on purpose, but should ruin anything! But yeah my b Lol were not here to play school Beat me to it Dubov Youre wearing shorts at work in Denver? In mid October? Bold! Damn lol its like storm central in nyc Damn Patrick day Died Lol how am I still In this? I just drafted fox lol Jerry Richardson Lol watch Chriss get cut in 3 weeks So fivethirtyeights got the fucks at 65% for the playoffs if we win out Seems high, no? Remember last year when I was cast as sick-hearted cynist fir suggesting maybe the the Pat Connaughton revolution was not yet upon us? Lol goddamnit No One person in this chat who wont be named Called Milwaukee a white city Which is a weird characterization for a city thats nearly two thirds black Especially when you live in the whitest city in the country lol It wasnt you Dubov lol I guess take that up with the census beureau Bureau* Really is lol It was def jimmy To be fair Dubov the Midwest is pretty segregated And by really I mean extremely Milwaukee is just a Chicago suburb Yeah its really insane, last week when I was in Detroit I saw far more white people than anyone else Detroit is 85% black Hahah welcome back jimmy I dunno man thats now how I remember it Just admit it and apologize jimmy, time to grow up. Lol dude Im kidding Portland will prob win the World Series before we do ?See you in the finals! Hey man Meyers got 3 rebounds in 28 minutes for us tonight so watch your mouth Bam got 13 in 24 lol Home sat key hell prob be best friends with jimmy butler Two corniest dudes in the league Maybe we can trade him and a few stale empanadas for kawhi Leonard? Lol I agree but whats your offer? Again, outside of Portland no one cares about zac Collins. And if thats too much, what could you possibly give? Blake is still a baller lol Dude youre insane, he became completely irreplaceable in the playoffs Hahahaha Irrelevant Yeah and then flamed our and got benched You know what gimme the over under on zacs ppg/rpg What youd be willing to bet money on I said after the Denver series dude! ? This isnt impressive especially for a team down its starting center Below 10/below 8 Like come on dude, Blake averaged 25, 8 and 5 No one is gonna give up a batter package? That team did go to the playoffs lol 10.5/7.5 Ill trade you that half point for that have rebound Lol ok Deal If we split its a wash Like if he averages 12/6 Glad to have a new reason to root for whiteside I would say we should make an injury exception but that could really fuck either of us So lets just let it ride lol Yeah this is fun lol I mean but youre asking what you can get WITHOUT zac That would just be giving him away lol Yeah, lets see I think the pistons will improve this year Ok I didnt say he sucked lol But hes not highly coveted Imo Well see tho Year three is when you gotta show something! Lol Hey man I also very much want preseason stats to be accurate! I dunno man if murk comes back, and whiteside plays well Hes gonna be in trouble in regard to this bet No lol Still cool tho Cool with my bet* Whiteside got 11 blocks in a game once lol But I also think whiteside is gonna flourish in Portland His line was great when he played and hell kill in on the pick and role with lillard I love whiteside lol he was my favorite player Chad your take is bad and you should apologize! https://www.instagram.com/p/B3sK3multTR/?igshid=1hfemp3y9mgrf Lol I know but it all hinges on him having a Catastrophic injury Has the dude ever even missed a game? Just say your sorry Be the bigger man Youre* I dunno Im gonna need an explanation as to how this is news ? Lol I know But its a news notification As you can see in the top left corner Thats a ice trip! Did you take the train up? Whats you get Two delux two fries? Chad Its gonna be so funny if our Collins bets Is like close lol Rooting for his stats to go up or down like .1% every night America wasnt ready for that music video How has nassir been? Scoooo Why the hell are we still using win the day? You guys see the Keenan Lowe vid!? Bro if the ducks lose thats like taking a shit in Keenan Lowes shoes How dare they! Its blowing up man Lowe is a national hero! Damn uw has a receiver form Issaquah? Clock tease Walk the plank Herbert! Bench his ass! Dylan arent you a beavers fan now? So many dicks in the last episode Psh! 4 point win still in sight! $$$$$$& Woooool Uh oh Jesus Christ lol Thats the most insufferable shit Ive ever read Thinks hes the next shoe dog lol Hey man this guy is overcoming real adversity Writing a book while having a puppy! Damn guys Week 5 of the degenerate bowl Ive got nine dogs And two favs ? Space:
Seahawks -3
Texans +1
Saints +4
Packers -5
Chargers +2
Dolphins +17
Cards +3

Big Dog:
Niners -10
Pats -10
Jags -4.5
Rams -3
Vikings -2.5
Cowboys -2.5


 Lol smart man Texans were my first pick! Lol mark I should have let you have the Niners in a change for the hawks this week Gonna go get drunk with the worst person in New York (Houman) and watch all the games Lol Is Gruden fucking paying you dude? What the fuck was that! Bro give me a heads up next tim youre about to cause me brain damage You might as well of hit me in the face with a shovel Right but thats not what chad said lol Pete carrol is a pretty good coach. He also should have ran the fucking ball! The raiders are -20 tho Theyre prob a fake good team I dont think Gruden sucks but that particular trade was capricious at best! Also a bad trade! I mean tribusky just sucks lol I mean theyre 3-2 and +18 Wow yeah that raiders d is stacked! Lololol gotta love the Washington 0-9 cover Eh first half Go for the challenge why not Eeeek Lol congrats on benching chase Edmonds this week Lol youre cooked this year man Youre 2-5? Lolol youre gonna be last one points! Will do! How foolish of me! Wow that chargers cover is disgusting Yeah lol Little man went all in If he missed that cushion he breaks four ribs lol Didnt brace for a fall at all lol I was thinking the same thing g Dubov lol But clearly this kid knew he could make the jump Zero hesitation Yeah lol Youre never gonna stop a little boy from diving into couch cushions Onto* Might as well get the likes Twas i And then the I threw vodka on the burner and then you throw a handle at me Good times Man I dont get this at all lol Bro the blazers arent going to finals lol I will honestly root for the blazers this year as long as whiteside gets some run but Theyre not going to the finals. The clippers would devour them in a series imo but if not then, someone else Clippers
Rockets
Denver
Golden state
Portland
Lakers 
Jazz
San Antonio I think 3-6 will be super tight I mean the raptors would have been the 1 seed in the west last year? And the clips seem to be better? Yeah I do agree people dont realize how deep toronto was But I dunno theyve got PG and Lou Williams Who are both capable of carrying a team when kawhi is out Right but kawhi wont be resting that early Thats possible I dunno I bet he doesnt!? Eh, thats mostly true But seeding matters And players want to win Lol you dont even have the heat in the playoffs in the east!? Below Detroit and Chicago! I mean sure lol, why not I think philly could win it all Milwaukee too who knows I think chi is at least a year out They went 22-60 last year lol Lauri is good but not that good I dunno tho maybe coby is raw But I think Atlanta is in better shape to turn the corner Wow owned Again better that the Miami Heat prob shouldnt be the bar for a team with title aspirations lol Wow lol Dion waiters is hella pushed that people like Tyler herro better than him lol Honestly rooting for a mediocre (if even) eastern conference nba has been like the most fulfilling sports experience of my life Those are all pretty good predictions chad Blazers WCF will depend on their path Imo Yeah he can still ball tho, I guess other contenders were willing to match or something ? Never forget lol Klay done for the year I mean if theyre hiring managers isnt that part of their job? Im not sure this is the right comparison though? Lol Nike wouldnt put out a basketball related video featuring only white staffers, theyre smarter than that lol I mean ethics aside, youd think a team that essentially doing PR could anticipate the obvious backlash lol Lol I mean I grew up in the northwest too, I definitely see how it happened. Im also white! Youd just think with all the conversations happening rn, youd be a bit more self aware. Were talking about two different things, youre talking about actually changing the ratio and Im talking about not being oblivious dumbasses lol. Youd just think someone would raise their hand and say this isnt uh, the best look Yeah Portland is like 80% white, so obviously companies are going to end of reflecting that Yeah, any luck recruiting outside of Portland? Lol I was in an interview one where they told me one thing working against me was their diversity quota It was a little more coded than that lol but the message was clear Also the one side of this that people generally just pretend doesnt exist is that unless your company is rapidly expanding, changing the ratio prob means doing quite a bit of laying off That may just be what it takes But people dont like to talk about that part lol Its a whole societal thing too We need to stop requiring traditionally wealthy white credentials for these jobs. Yeah totally that happens in advertising all the time especially with casting, where I just wish someone would call the client (or the agency) on their shit Or at the very least feel uncomfortable about clearly excluding black actors for a role Exactly We need to stop devaluing credentials/experience that isnt traditionally wealthy and white Lol I mean companies these days are pretty good about talking about these things, we have like 8 meetings a month. Not sure theyre so good about actually administering it I mean Portland is sort of an anomaly Like its demographics No matter what, as long as the city is like 77% white or whatever the workforce will somewhat reflect that But cities like Chicago which have more black people than white Yet in the corporate world its all white leadership And chad Im not digging at salesforce because this is most companies, but every agency Ive ever worked at had big meetings/conferences/initiatives like that but go look at the executive team on the salesforce website and 9-10 of them are white. Right, but the leadership team is what it is, no? Its great to have well-intentioned white people! But this is sort of thing, every white person thinks theyre the exception. I think mark is joshing you! Also uh Relying on the private sector to fix this Historically Probably isnt the best solution There was a pretty strung out looking subway preacher type yelling about how he was being directed by Pope from Italy and getting really animated. And then he just kinda snapped out of it and said but religion is not for everyone. So take it or leave it. Im calling bs on the biggie phone Hey Im about to take off I want clips +3.5 Any takers? You got like 3 mins Up to 50!? Yeah the clips suck, portlands gonna smash these dorks Dunno pretty sure I heard you say the clippers were dorks and kawhi gets defies every day I heard he got a swirly (swirlie?) just hours before tipoff Sources say! Wedgies* Lol Kawhi gets wedgies* Damn siakam and van vleet dropped 34 a piece Siakam has 18 boards Mvp! ? Fuck! Thats so lame, what the hell are his personal reasons Usually thats not good! .... lets hope its not legal trouble I know lol thats exactly what I was thinking ?This is what you say when things arent fine Honestly wouldnt be surprised if he got into a fight with dion lol Those two are destined to hate each other Scoring 100 points is hard Nice too have two rookies in double figures tonight To* Whiteside 19 boards tho Pretty dope Also pretty dope for my Zac Collins bet Man to think we could have used all the time we spent blathering about simons talking about Kendrick Nunn! https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=bEoBDACnl6Q Eh youre missing the lead here Our rookies looked great in week one Wut lol They both got the start How did phenom Simons do tonight? You think him and ZC fetch Kawhi? Yes but we should read into simons huge performance against a bunch of backups? Come one I thought gms were lining up after that performance? Which one is it? Im sorry but that didnt answer my question? Just saying by your logic, anfernee Simons game is a total mirage and means nothing right? Lol wut Explain that Lol thats not what concern trolling means At all Wut Thats not what gaslighting means either dude Or even close Asking you to apply the same logic equally is not concern trolling or gaslighting Concern trolling would be like if I was like oh youre so concerned about the blazers losing, but you arent talking about the blazers Twitter scandal, how much do you really care about the community Gaslighting would be like actually the Grizzlies were really good last year according to so and so metrics and making you guess yourself If youre gonna barf our buzzwords at least know what they mean My definition of gaslighting or concern trolling? By your loose ass definition you could apply those terms to anything Not being honest? What youre saying is Im not allowed to be excited about two rookies performing well in their first nba game, no? Really bad! Im not full of shit! Wut? The only thing concerning about the Simons performance is the fact he played 12 mins What Im saying is herro and Nunn balled out in game one And if that happened with any blazers player You would rightfully be excited Are you saying you dont talk shit? That Im alone here? Nahhhh you knew what I was saying. Now youre gaslighting. Lol Im sorry I hurt you with the term blathered Uh, been where before? The blazers are pretty likely going to have a better season than the heat, if Im the only one not allowed to talk shit I might as well leave the group and join back next June lol Im sorry too Gundy Its opening night Emotions are running high And Matt I will agree to forget everything ever sent in this chat unless it turns out to be correct And then I will never under any circumstance let it leave my mind for a second Lol Im kidding now not just redirecting my anger toward Matt Lol also Lets just get this out there Use it as a pejorative all you want But I am by definition a troll And if you expect me to ever stop harassing you when the blazers disssapoint I need you to go ahead and just give up on me I mean Im in Puerto Rico rn my phones been dead all day Just got back to the Airbnb Also Im the only active person in this chat who doesnt root for the blazers So call me what you want lol, but yeah, its not like you guys are lacking is ideological reinforcement here Also Gundy, thinking about it now you could make the concern trolling case lol not sure about the gaslighting one But Ive got a beef with that term lol Like I get it means manipulating someone into believing that they cant trust their intuition But if it applies to like encouraging someone to second guessing what they just said Isnt that just making and argument Lol yeah I mean everybody hates Lauren Duca now Never be famous lol But I will say, one pretty key element of concern trolling would be like... even sort of pretending Im concerned Anyway, for another day! Its gonna be a long season boys! Buckle up Lol unless he does prove to be kinda meh and then you have to answer for it.. and by answer for it I mean shrug and move on. Honestly tho Thoughts on whiteside a debut? I mean the line was pretty sexy But thats always sort of been the knock on whiteside That like when he does well the team does bad (always seemed unfair!) Yeah I mean like He was 6-7 with 19 boards lol Thats pretty crazy Yeah, bench was trouble and McCollum shat the bed One of those two things is worrisome McCollum will be fine Also Denver is good and its game one lol No start for dragic And thats with jimmy and dion our Out Why wouldnt they be? No griffin Pistons arent good Tre young? Like its not like its bucks hawks Drummond 32-23 lol Ah yeah So yes Im that case You were def missing something lol yeah gotcha They need dipo back Yeah I mean the hawks are getting better The pistons are a barely 500 team with Blake Yeah or longer Yeah I prob wont get to watch a full game until I get back sub night :( I dont give a shot that we beat the grizz, Or even that much about how will our rookies did Im just pumped That they got major minutes And appear to be a part of the gameplan Its been 3 years of wade/dragic iso ball and missed corner threes from Winslow/Richardson/James Johnson/luol fucking deng/etc Yeah its kinda a chicken or the egg thing tho Like I dont think Rodney McGruder gets any run in Portland What time is the game? ? Im seeing 1.5 but Bovada could be different Ill take you for 50 at 1.5 Cool? Wow Mark has gone soft Offered me points last night Letting Dubov off the hook
Here? Did you find god Mark? Mark lol Id go 100 on that clips game as long as we had a clause that if kawhi gets ruled out before game time it drops back to 50 Yeah yeah I love this line! Gawd its heat bucks on dat and I gotta be at a wedding Yeah lol I was gonna say He was literally asking if he remembered like implying that it was likely that he didnt remember To be fair Oregon is kinda a safety school too Tho I hear its getting harder to get in! Yeah thats fair Yeah pac 12 rankings by not being a safety school 


Stanford
Cal
UCLA 
UW
USC
Colorado 
Oregon 
Utah
Arizona
Arizona state
WSU
OSU
 Maybe usc over uw but its easier to buy your way in I dunno who would you put them over? I need a copy of kimbles essay on why you should drink whey protein instead of Gatorade Thats wild Houman, I dont know anyone that got into uw with a 3.2 I only applied to 3 schools; Oregon, WSU and Tennessee WSU was my safety school I kinda always knew I was gonna go to Oregon My dad went there and we made fairly frequent trips to Eugene I dunno Tennessee just sounded fun and different I went to the campus tho it was kinda uglyespecially compared to UO Yeah Haha I was gonna say that doesnt really sound like my dad He did tell me he let a homeless guy sleep in his dorm when his roommate was out of town Ok cam I will call my dad Tell him I need a favor No I know Im kidding lol Oh and they homeless guy shit in the urinal Lol my association with rolling rock is it getting read aloud both in court and during my multiple student conduct meetings after I got arrested God is there anything more gratifying than watching the warriors get throttled like that in their home opener? Also like the clippers dropped 141 And their top scorer had 22 points They dont even need Paul george to be the best team in basketball I mean its only been two games but yeah, I think the clippers are clear favorites For the cord Ive been saying this for months so dont say Im just reacting! Lol Record But for the cord is some great accidental copy That I will now work into my vernacular going forward Yeah lol the things is the slippers can play like 11 dudes Lol Clippers Lol the irony here is we definitely engage with Maroney more than like anybody else I always wonder how hed feel if he knew a random group chat made up of people hes never met is fully dedicated to bashing him lol God its so annoying Im like trapped in the Bronx rn lol bc moving somewhere I gotta lay first last and brokers fee So its like 7 grand cash upfront Please not sexual misconduct please not sexual misconduct please not sexual misconduct K so its official Jimmy had a baby https://www.google.com/amp/s/amp.miamiherald.com/sports/nba/miami-heat/article236618248.html Lol imagine coming out that way I know theres been some speculation But Im here to make it official Honestly Id prob just start dating dudes and let everyone else figure it out lol Yeah lol, I mean I think with this ever evolving gender discussion people are just starting to date whoever makes them horny and identify with it a little less Lol no but ask Housman Houman* Oh wait this is something different Yeah I dunno Ive never listened! Yeah this is kinda fun, seems self aware I approve lol ?Pitchfork approved Fuck He already played Brooklyn this tour Genres are a bullshit construct man! Yeah people are saying its Ike real real legit Dubov Ive got a buddy who works at Netflix whos seen it Youve actually met him Years back When it was me you and cam hanging out in la Hes like an editor its a sweet gig, he just watches all the shit and cuts trailers Wow Pascal had 33 and 8 tonight Mvp! DEFINITELY I just dont get why the heat squandered whiteside like they did It honestly just seemed personal between him and spoelstra Guy always put up numbers when he played Also Man The thunder are bad fucking news God So far this season whiteside has missed two shots I fucking love whiteside lol Lol you guys are about to lose to the kings chill out, Im just embarrassed we got fleeced by the blazers of all teams Ok lol I wont let it happen again No lol I hate that we lost whiteside! He was my favorite player lol Him and j rich This is definitely the most exciting Heat season since I became a fan But I miss my dudes! Tyler Duncan? Honest I think the heat can get the 3 seed What? I know him lol Coconut curry, we did this last summer lol He was a good summer league guy, Im fine with the beat playing some shooters He started getting minutes end of last year I means hes prob not good lol but youre not gonna hurt me by telling me that spoelstra is playing guys that can hit an open 3 lol Lol hes taken like 8 3s dude relax He had like one huge summer league game where he hit like 8 3s and became a d-list nba meme for like 48 hours Nunn still had a way better game than Simons! Hey chad Im like our ZC bet so far! Yeah lol At least you gotta year You better jump on while you still can DeHaan! So fun fact Kendrick Nunn finished second in ncaa d1 his senior season, only behind trae young! Oh ehhhhh, got kicked off Illinois for choking his girlfriend Lol honestly Id Hassan keeps it up hes not gonna be the backup Well they both still have to play bama I think we want LSU to lose And then both to lose to bama Also were hardcore Utah fans now We need them in the top 10 for the pac 12 championship Spoelstra would have never ?? Man its wild dragic is coming off the bench I know lol nunn is the starting pg Tho I think its like a Manu situation I mean nunn is listed as pg But yeah https://twitter.com/ClipperNationCP/status/1187755491436519424?s=20 Goddamn butler missing the game against the wolves God imagine him just going at town rn So cruel Are we gonna talk about the bucks/rockets? Giannis has 30-13-11 Pretty dope Houston and Milwaukee both looked pretty dangerous Eh I dunno, Milwaukee is pretty damn good and they were up most of the game Except this year they have Russell Westbrook? KSU baby! Ugh the bucks are rough Lol that was a bad bet Heat coming back baby! Led by Kendrick Nunn obvi Hahahahhahajahaha Wait fuck! Wowowowowow Cant wait to hear why this one doesnt count! What yall got? Chad? Gundy you took the heat so youre clear Cant wait to hear how Milwaukee isnt good and the rockets are just worse from the man who picked the rockets to finish 1st 5 days ago ?Quite the party out here in PR Ugh fucking Auburn Omg the Suns lol Siakam came back down to earth a little bit but he still got 19-6 Man lol The kings look really really bad Anyone who beat them should just push that aside and focus on getting a real w I mean didnt he completely fail, get fired, and then get accused of misconduct in like a year? Anyone who had expectations.... its kinda on them lol Lol I know it always reminds me of this clickhole article https://www.clickhole.com/a-master-strategist-steve-bannon-has-completed-his-yea-1825122394?utm_campaign=SF&utm_source=Twitter&utm_medium=SocialMarketing Oh just a reminder We beat the fucking bucks tonight sans jimmy Fucking heavyweight clash tonight between two undefeated giants, the Miami Heat and the Minnesota timberwolves Lol god We are just gonna get murdered by bama lol I cant wait tho! Well prob start as the biggest dog in college playoff history Theres no like notre Dame this year Maybe mj was right! I dunno they might as well hold on to him and wait to retool I dont foresee him handling losing very well Sooooo Kendrick Nunn has 18 fir at half points and 4 3s... This is how you become a contender, not something youd understand watching the blazers reng! Yeah tie game with four left Omg Wiggins just went Kobe on us lol 11 straight point Hit three threes in a row Ugh Well Nunn with 25 for the game! Mummy back next week Ill take the 2-1 Did they acquire music.ly or just relaunch it with different branding? I thought it was the same people all along No clue Btw I hate this fucking review shit in basketball I tried to warn you about Chicago! God nfl genius Erik gundersen at it again! Lmk when its madden time Gundy Man I dont even know what to say about the new Kanye But use this gospel fuckin slaps https://open.spotify.com/track/0oPOuDmmkVp3h6puekhs6P?si=vd7vYKaoSyG9XTK3q2xJ9g lol or ESPN just slowly transitioning to being the mainstream gambling network Bc you know when its completely accessible nationwide Every fucking casual sports fan is gonna gamble So whos gonna watch Jimmy tomorrow night The debut! Omg Chad! Pleaser enter the liga! Nooooooooo Goddamn our fears are confirmed I wish I had a stray billion dollars lying around to set them free Yeah its pretty funny they are posting zero sports related stories now They also coined the phrase stick to sports so its pretty ironic Or at least a poetic death Yeah I know it honestly seems like a shitty business move https://twitter.com/hamiltonnolan/status/1182310343332245505?s=20 Yeah I know Theyre full on striking lol, its the end, but theyre gonna go out swinging Lol didnt you just say you didnt realize the site still existed? You cant have an informed point about something you dont follow at all? They got a mandate from higher ups that they were forbidden from posting anything non-sports related Which is bullshit So they stood up for themselves Would it have been better if they just said ok sure boss, whatever you say!? Lol elaborate then In what way are they behaving? Are you against workers strikes in general or just this circumstance? Basically Basically, because youd eat the shit, youre mad someone else had the balls not to? Also nike is not a news outlet and workers strike all the time If it were like, my ad agency, and Id led it for over a decade ad some jackass ownership came in and demanded that we quit doing everything that made it good Yeah Id prob stick up for myself and get fired They got aired by Peter theil and their original wiener went bankrupt They got picked up by Univision and then sold to a bunch of old Forbes dudes Are you anti independent media? Anti worker? I dont get it lol Why this hill? Lol this isnt like a regular office job, journalists cant just change their voice/worldview What if their boss asks them to write about how great trump is? Sorry but editorial freedom is the only thing that keeps us informed And this is a snapshot of whats killing it. Your take is stupid lol. They have been my primary source of news for almost a decade lol, not just deadspin but all the former gawker media vertices Jezzy, splinter (RIP), etc I dont understand what you are saying, they are basically striking. What else are they supposed to do that isnt essentially complying Actually Dubov I wouldnt be surprised to see them win this one Public pressure from their readership is the only thing thats gonna turn it around They post an email for readers to complain that they received so many emails it had to be taken down What youre saying is When in doubt Grab your ankles lol Yeah I just dont even understand what your concern is when you say dont these guys wanna get jobs again? Are you actually concerned for their careers? Hahhaahhaha Also to be fair, Ive definitely seen gawker media act childishly in the pastI.e. the Cond Nast exec outing that got a bunch of people firedbut this aint that rn Lol that is the worst cop out of all cop outs Well thats just my opinion Ok thats what were doing lol And were explaining why we dislike your opinion We are not debating whether or not you have an opinion Sorry if that wasnt clear Its not that hard to get me riled up Dont worry I will feel sheepish and guilty for caring so much and using harsh words in about an hour or so And then rinse and repeat next time any minor controversy pops up Barry Petchesky (deputy editor) and Hamilton Nolan (knows and posts nothing about sports) Got fired They are integral to the site and very beloved by their readership and colleagues alike So people are super pissed They have a union, so sort of I think its more likely the site folds complete than it being turned into golf digest lol Our system is stacked against independent news If you report on powerful people you risk vindictive lawsuits And if you dont have backing you can get ripped to shreds in a heartbeat I dont even know how to fix that tbh I actually kinda side with them on the hogan tape but the real gross one was when they reported on a Cond Nast exec for having an affair with a mail escort and then paid the male escort to effectively allow him to blackmail The guy wasnt out publicly And not really a public figure at all And then they were so indignant that anybody had a problem with that And threw a tantrum and crags the editor stepped down I still think Jordan Sargent needs to answer for that shit They also tried to frame it like it was everybody else who was being homophobic and they were just reporting like they would anybody else Which was clearly bullsbit bc like, how did they know what arrangement this guy had with his wife So yeah, they have definitely fucked up in the past, Ill concede their But that was gawker and not really relevant to this situation I mean that was a while ago and again, not deadspin Were not really talking about whether or not gawker has ever published a questionable price of content Lol how can anyone argue against allowing players to profit off their own image Ive never understood that at all Also man, this will be good for the schools. Like they can cut a deal with the athletes on jersey sales People will buy infinitely more jerseys if there are names on them Like thats always been the the thing with college jerseys You buy one and youre set for life Lol.... and the schools will pay those taxes. Glad we get to bet on every game this week mark Thats smaller than the 4Runner right? You guys know what time it is? Its jimmy butler debut time bitches Correct! Congrats chad Youve been rewarded Hey Gundy do you get nba tv with league pass or did they finally kick me off your login? Lol jimmy named his daughter rylee Its like stephs daughter, but different! Thats ok lol I cant believe it still works lol Oh ok lol Tre young looks real hurt :( Just an ankle tho Hes def not coming back tonight tho Herro getting loose Hey I can offer them two tickets to private watch party here in the Bronx if its any consolation ? Celebrity guest They gotta be cool with splitting screen time with the heat game tho Couple hounds A scent hound And a sight hound It would be revolutionary Matt What are you waiting for? Lol the hawks have fouled herro shooting the 3 three times Miami Heat the 3 seed I mean I dunno why not!? Wait I dunno if he waterboarded her but yeah its not good He at the very least pushed her on the floor and dumped a glass of water on her Well look Im not excusing this but theres a big difference between poured water on and waterboarded lol Yeah I pointed this out last week! Yeah I mean its icky rooting for him. His did get kicked out of school point blank, did 18 months of probabtion which the victim agreed to and sat out a year. 

I understand if you believe that this should be automatic disqualification. But this was at least addressed. Yeah for two years No he was Yeah lol Yeah Its southwest Chicago Pretty gnarly! Lol Impact Great word choice! Hey my dad works for Comcast zoning and contracts! Ill give you his email Lol I just add my dad to the Superliga Dad you motherfucker! Omg Jayson Whitlock has been waiting for this moment for so long Is he about to go in on Greg Howard? Greg Howard ruined his career Greg Howard then appeared ok that shitty media men list for some pretty shitty stuff and sort of disappeared from journalism Its a loooooong read https://www.google.com/amp/s/deadspin.com/how-jason-whitlock-is-poisoning-espns-black-grantland-1698683962/amp It was definitely like the most personal attack Ive probably ever seen in sports media In regard to pundit on pundit crime at least Absolutely He got exposed lol Find the lie in that article lol But deadspin was the first to call him on that Lol By the way Meyers Leonard still trash Herro is so sick lol 29 tonight! 7-9 shooting God RIP Barry https://www.google.com/amp/s/jezebel.com/penetration-is-this-years-hottest-new-sex-move-1767816945/amp https://deadspin.com/just-like-you-russell-wilson-is-not-having-sex-1716081857 ? https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=C-yu2ndtWfQ Take that fuckerberg! Yeah but if they get caught doing the latter its a crime So have the nets! Against who? Psh I hit the wizards over super Lol all we know is the heat and the sounds are the two most dominant teams in basketball history Lol Did Embiid even win the fight lol? Wait the bet is how many games will Embiid play? And youre saying suspension games dont count? Yeah lol fuck off Seriously, Embiid just misses a lot of games lol Finds new and unique ways to do it! Oh man you see KD throwing draymond under the bus saying their altercation factored in to his decision to leave God I love it! Please turn the entire Bay Area against draymond as the warriors go 10-72 Lol I mean the warriors were biological waste for like 50 years Pure luck Dubov! Lol ok thats rich coming from the if only we had nurkic healthy Superliga lol I mean that every team in the playoffs has at least one significant injury and nurkic is prob on the lower end of the scale Really? Its all keynote everywhere Ive ever been I still use word and Im sure anyone working with the budgets still uses excel Its just PowerPoint thats gone out of style Ive only ever used outlook for work Most ad agencies are owned by big holding companies with all sorts of different media arms now, so its def the universal shit mostly Mark whats the line I mean youve got niners no matter what Alrighty ? Lololol like Bernie and love deadspin and really love calling jim Spanfeller a private equity vulture But whats he saying here lol, deadspin was for sale? So Kendrick Nunn is like mj now? God guys feb 9th isnt even that far away! Chad, are you gonna come out? For the liga bowl Great when refs dont know the rules No lol Portland Perfect! We should go fuck around at the sowa casinos Honestly Friday night at the benson Would be amazing/hilarious How much for the alcoholic* beverage plan Hahahaha Amazing Well kind seat would that fetch non-suite Lol ok Im pro suite Will it go down? Are we gonna find 16 people wholl pay 200 for a basketball game I would! 16 points tonight for the hammer! Lol Lets hang a thank you Meyers Lenard! Sign And then flip it around in the 4th And have it say something super disparaging Can you bargain with the suite salesman? Meet and greet after the game with the hammer? Ok Im in CN you go before and get tanked? Omg Love it Not I! Hahaha Dylans hubris Cards gonna WIN!? Yes we did lol Fuck off you always have the niners your rule Yeesh Will Kyler get a chance? Like 20 seconds I mean hes not doing that bad lol Wait it wasnt that bad lol They only need 3 Great observation matt! The whites have to stick together! Lol the heat are all
Of a sudden like the new nba darlings Minus the domestic abuse Happy birthday Erik. -Terry Stotts Kemba > Kyrie Im sorry that title belongs to Kendrick Nunn! You know its your birthday so Im just gonna roll with this! Listen up Vegas! Never bet against Gundys visions! Def seems wide up tho, after 5 games at least lol Rockets heat on Sunday should be fun Nba tv! Kendrick Nunn is a sister of god! 3 pm I think your time Yeah This window when we have nfl and nba is the best time of the year And had the World Series https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=LY7cY5Obu8c This and Jordan peeles never lost in New York City song from big mouth are like my two fav tv musical moments lol https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=JvhtEWua5lk The best thing about it is herro is also averaging 16-6 Dragic off the bench! No weaknesses! Well tell him you got a better offer from Ryan Stevejacket He belongs in the og legal weed state SCOOSC https://twitter.com/faithfoxxx/status/1189991675143147520?s=20 ?? ?? Could really use a Huskies W rn tho Whoops Mean a Utah W Scoooooo God Texans were the fucking lock of the week Can someone explain how they were +1 in London? Heat rockets tonight bitches! The con of bk is also the cmo of Popeyes, Im trying to pitch them a promotion where they just pick a Sunday and donate all the chicken sandwich sales to GLAAD or something I think the sheeple would eat that up Its a pretty good burn! No glad is like The big gay rights organization You see Chic fil a is honophobic! So its a burn! Its a good marketing idea Willing to bet someones already had it there or its been pitched I guarantee Fernando will say oh yes Ive been thinking about this either way tho lol I see this concept has really brought out the best of the Superliga! God what a grotesque slate of early games ?Guys is this good? Freudian slip! Hawks gonna cover? I dont hate you for your take chad but I will NEVER forgive you for making me stick up for Colin fucking Cowherd. Lolol sorry mark! Gahhhhh I love sports! Heat to the finals Yeah theyre gonna slaughter Baltimore is fools gold I mean theyre solid but theyre not on the pats level Lol you want ravens +3.5? Lol Meyers is killing it The heat look like the warriors lol Lol sorry Dylan, Heat aint into you Lol I can smell a pats OT cover Lol still two scores away! Nvm! Same! You called it! Howd this team get killed by the browns!? God I cant wait for the suite! Heat with the best point differential in the league through six games Can wait to beat up against another soft ass western conference d tomorrow when we play Denver! So wait whos in charge of the suite now, Mark or chad? Yes! Extreme serious! Its a suite! I think if theres free beer its worth it Lol Damn Still think we should get the suite Honestly tho it might be hard to find 16 people for the suite https://www.reddit.com/r/Wellthatsucks/comments/drh11y/my_mondays/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf Hate when this happens I dunno Phoenix has to play the ferocious heat squad you mentioned So that should bring them back down to earth a little bit Yeah heat Lakers in Friday On Pretty tough trip denver, Phoenix La I dunno chad, I think you should just become a full time heat fan Safer bet Lolol jermaine whitehead cut for calling Dustin fox (the analyst) a fuck ass cracker And some death threats Meyers is confident! ? Lol hes not that good Gundy He had a good game yesterday tho Yeah its def a better fit for him Dont get it twisted Lol Great we have two rookies in the top 5 rookie rankings Yeah but if you take that isnt it way harder to cash out!? God when we can blitz guards with jimmy and Winslow is any perimeter guy gonna score a point? Janes Johnson played well late night Lol Eli bench cutaways are the best Cat on the field! God this would have been such a cheerful deadspin post RIP Chad you oughta go see your second favorite team live in Denver tomorrow night Get on hinge! Hey thats how I met my girlfriend! Its ok Im not important enough to be anybodys superior Sorry guys The hammer is not for sale Why arent you guys crushing the warriors rn? Its the Jordan Poole show! Golden state is always tough! Maybe the warriors got better! Wut maroney is your maroney lol Oh wait I thought chad texted that The heat are 5-1! Rock a herro jersey! Oh lol Lol Game 7 resignation Lolol its game 7 Every year every team loses to shitty teams The fucking Knicks will get their 18 wins Heat +5 tomorrow Eric Paschall got 34-13 last night!? Chad are you gonna go to the game!? Just laughing at all these dudes from SEC country getting drafted and having to move to London lol Guys kneeling to protest brexit Who wants to gamble tonight Heat nuggets Heat +5 God the worst part about the heat being good rn is the group chat being so nice to me, it creeps me out! Jimmy is really good and were deep as shit, gonna be a fun year! ? That feels like a good deal Will we have 14 people? Yeah Illinois alums love Nunn! Lol the blazers are gonna go on a 7 game win streak in like March And then the conversation around here will be how many games does it take to beat the bucks in the finals Its the nba! Youll beat some good teams and lose to some shitty ones But yeah the depth looks to be an issue I mean I dont think Zac Collins is that good lol, but yeah maybe they can find a good vet to fill the void for a bit Yeah probably! I dont think hes trash or anything Either But I bet theres a serviceable 4 out there Kelly O on the block Yeah but the heat might just want Kelly off the books I think hes super useful on our team but hes overpaid Heat blazers 2021 nba finals Lol wut For who? Ohhh for love Uhhh I mean I just dont see them wanting whiteside and bazemore Youd have to get rid of one of the young guys, Simons or Collins Yeah Id just be willing to bet someone whos contending will make a push Yeah The two firsts Maybe could help I think any team that offers two firsts has a legit shot Chad just drink the casa migos and watch the heat Meyers on fire lolol ? You guys need Kelly O The heat can pass the ball! Even bam! Wow how are the mighty Miami heat losing to the puny Denver Nuggets The nba is crazy! We want the herro, Nunn, Butler lineup! New death lineup Am I living in crash world!? Lol well you might as well include the entire ncaa sans the players Lol no we cant hit a shot Jokic is infuriating Derrick Jones jr is insane lol God the heat were fucking atrocious This might not be a fun week Lebron will choke when he sees his old friend Kendrick Nunn and Chris Silva Houston +16? I mean GS +16 Against Houston Great brand participation Matt! Chargers for 50? Ok mark we on I mean that injury wrecked his career Lol yeah I saw this this morning The methodology is pretty flawed tho lol Yeah plus cities with the best strip clubs are based off google reviews of the strip clubs in cities Which basically makes the whole thing useless I mean Salt Lake City is #3 Ugh same I dunno I think we get it back Felt like spoelstra was experimenting last night A lot of weird lineup combinations Or tues night I mean Lol the game already happened Spoiler alert UNH doesnt come back Heat are back bitches I paid the dog lol why is kicking and screaming on that list Is everything must go a separate genre? God what a dominant performance after a quick tune up game Mark we got that game no matter what but Im down to put a little extra on it Lol you guys get what you deserve Whiteside is averaging 14-12.5 Was dominant in 3 games Now youre like cursing his existence Whiteside has 18 boards rn and youre beating the best team in basketball 45 mins ago you were calling him trash lol Worlds greatest fans! Lol no just around here The Miami Heat are 7-2 Lol how would you blow it up tho? Like get rid of CJ or dame? Yeah lol, you guys almost beat the clippers on the road Simons played well I feel like tonight is more of a positive than anything lol Over CJ? Hmmmm I dont see that working theyre all too perimeter Big wings like kawhi/jimmy/fucking lebron Would just fear Feast Tho honestly it doesnt really matter who starts Yeah but Gordon am at lease sort of body dudes And like you said, they still suck Defensively Clippers are gonna be so sick with George Lololol Thats good However The clippers can afford to rest their best dudes and still win Most teams cant do that lol Lol no I know matt but I mean as like a season long thing Like every team would do that if it didnt mean potentially missing the playoffs I mean I totally agree its super annoying, its just like what can you say lol Its prob more pops legacy than anything Also Heatles were pulling this shit too Um Finals preview heat lakers tomorrow night Lol, lebron at home second game of a back to back for Miami Might be rough Would be a very Heat thing to win this game tho lol And then lose like 3 in a row at home Heat +8! ?? ???? That plate is like 2% salmon Pickles? Dame would never tear his acl or break his hand, too manly! Dont jinx it! Blazers -2.5 is a great line, the nets are garbage GRIT Bogdonovic game winner lol whiteside def making sure theyre losing https://www.instagram.com/p/B4ofH65gzLA/?igshid=1ihrtxu8un5k4 Lol Thats called Waking up drunk Nothing like a chipotle beer Is it actually possible to have a seizure from eating gummies? I feel like were missing something with this Dion story I dont think thats true Dubov Could be wrong but I bet a one loss bama team squeaks through Depends how bama does against Auburn I mean go ducks But bama would prob fuck us up One loss against the #1 in the country in the hardest conference Feels like a playoff team But also, its lame when one conference gets two teams You could always just set different goals! Also look at Boston! Lions are a good bet too Ok we all know it was kelly o ?Fantasy is garbage I think Im gonna hit the money line Niners about to learn lol Theyre schedule has been a joke Their Also true! Mark give me 100 money line, 210 payout if hawks win! You want that free bill right!? Wait really Dylan? Are you hitting that? I can send you money if so Gimme that money line for 100 Whats 210 bucks for a big dick sales beast like yourself! Lol he looks like Jessie Gemstone ?? Pascal MVP The raptors are 7-2 tho lol Lol when was the last time and east coast guy won mvp? Cities with Lenovos in last 6 years Milwaukee, Houston, OKC, SF, SF, OKC Lillard could win but hes gotta be on a top 3 team Go back to bed mark Yeah Clowney is done you stupid fucking idiot God we are just teeing off on these receivers rn Oof Man the nfl just fucking punishes you for being a fan Every nfl cut segment is horrific ?? I got 100 hawks money line and 50 hawks +6 Ah yes The OSSB The book of the people! Mark u are correct Clowney career appears to be over Hawks division Who won money tonight!? And who lost dough like Mark Looked AFRAID out there COWARD God Im still just beaming Fuck the niners! I dunno man these are pretty bad lol The dress with pockets joke is like a dead meme The onion doesnt have a copyright on satire but they didnt have to jack the exact format Lol that vid is so fake But its great https://www.facebook.com/SaraBeautifulLife/videos/2509778105703128/ I bet on the blazers tonight you guys better not fuck me! ? Trying to figure out a pistons Mark Brisbois horse meat hon rn but nothings coming The heat dominating rn now tho Yeah I dunno Meters officially a force Meyers Love that the warriors are the only 2-9 team I hit the heat ML parlayed with the blazers Lol its the Aaron Haines javale McGee showdown No ones gonna like this but tomorrow hit the raptors Especially if the zers drive the line up tonight Right now Toronto is getting +3 Portland off a back to back My bets tonight are Lakers -3 parlayed with jazz moneyline, blazers -2, and blazers -2 parlayed with Heat moneyline Everything still in play lol Lets go jazz! Come on lebron! Gimme some of that sweet yen! Reminder ? 415 if I go 4-4 lol Which is basically Lakers -3, jazz moneyline, Heat moneyline, blazers -2 Portland really gonna fuck me? I swear to god guys If the blazers ruin my payday Can Lillard take every shot? Guys what the hell I though being a blazers fan was fun Come on! Whered that rip city magic!? The blazers are in the bonus Lillard and McCollum gotta attack every single possession Wow sweet guys Could have won 400 dollars Go blazers I dunno, its gonna take so long for the role guys to gel and even when they do theyre not that great You could compete for a playoff spot But come on lol This team is not competing with either of the LA squads I dont think theres a trade you could make that would put you in contention with the clippers or the lakers I dont think if you got James harden youd be better than either of them lol I dont say bottom of the west like its a bad thing But even best case theyre behind both la teams and prob Denver The west is just loaded And as good as dame is Youve got two teams with two dudes better And a better cast Yeah hes basically Darren collision now Have you guys noticed Whiteside is truly capable of catching a pass cleanly He literally always bobbles it and has to recover Also the heat are better than the blazers now so thats fun! Lol whos gonna guard siakam tomorrow? Well the good news You can still get raps moneyline +125 https://sports.theonion.com/sacramento-pledges-to-power-arena-with-100-windmill-du-1839816176 Wow harden is really averaging 37 a game!? Guys ugh Its kinda like betting against the ducks but ML for UCLA Utah is +965 UCLA has won 3 straight Each boy double digits Stanford, ASU and Colorado Not good teams but not complete scrubs either Totally And chip seems to finally have a put a coherent offense together I know lol Thats the only thing stopping me Is it would basically knock us out of the playoff I dont wanna root for that! Whoa Kodak black got 4 years Yeah I mean hes a shitty guy thats been arrested for worse stuff than this But its also bullshit to put someone away for four years on a weapons charge, especially for weapons he didnt obtain Yeah i agree hes not a great hill to die on But these charges have nothing to do with anything other than the weapons incident And 4 years is a lot of time to pay taxes on this dude for a weapons charge Lol Ive been seeing ads for this plastered on every subway Eek They should just embrace it Make a bunch of Wes Anderson references Lol watching tan on league pass Really threw me when Burger King promised all their chicken was Canadien Raised I was like why! ? So I hit the raptors moneyline for 160 tonight Raptors got no respect No ones watching siakam Hes gonna finish top 5 for mvp Thats so insane the highest drafted raptor on the floor rn Was 23 They were plus 3 against a 3-6 team that playing back to back after a loss to the kings Theyre 7-2 Thats not a lot of respect! I mean Vegas reflects opinions generally Psh Vegas is like the best metric for respect Very few of these guys consistently beat Vegas Most would lose if they were gamblers Im saying people dont see the raptors as an actual good team They prob arent gonna beat the Lakers or clippers but they could compete with anybody else https://www.nbcsports.com/boston/celtics/nbas-top-100-players-2019-20-ranking-top-25#slide-18 Not in the top 25 Draymond at 15 Beal at 16 Lol Pascal might be top 10 I dont think people see how good he is, or how good the raptors are 22 is still lower than hes turned out to be So far He can take over games, hes a top 5 defender I didnt say anything above pg or dame? Hes 22 Tho If he was 12 Yeah fair lol but hes turned out to be a lot better than 22 The raptors are 8-2 Yeah lol And they arent favored in the games Right! But hes underrated either way If they arent favored in games, and he was underrated in the player rankings Despite being 7-2 How is my conclusion that theyre not getting enough respect So ducking crazy lol Fine man Lets look up the pundits predictions for tonights game Is there a source you prefer over Vegas As to who you think pundits think will won the game? Bc theres a big difference between saying nice words And picking a team to win a game! If only we listened to these esteemed pundits wed beat Vegas every time! ? Youre pulling words out of thin air They didnt get respect Thats what I said? Oh lol Ok Harden, lebron, kawhi, Giannis Is siakam the unanimous 5th guy? Didnt realize it was that unanimous! Or Embiid or PG Ducking Luka rn Speaking of knees I tripped on the subway steps this morning and banged my knee in front of everyone I had to limp up the steps it was so embarrassing Guys Regarding the blazers Is it time for the players only meeting Lol hood was sick tho Lol low key The eastern conference playoffs gonna be so sick this year lol Milwaukee, philly, Toronto, Miami What if Durant comes back! Are there any crazy futures For the blazers rn Like Id bet they make the playoffs New wallpaper! Just hoping the heat get down to -3.5 tonight Then gonna hammer that Heat are gonna smash Cleveland Omg lol those are so gross RE5P3CT I hit that shit Im not gonna call it a lock but I love that bet Also I hit the moneyline Pit Guys I might hit the +995 moneyline You should hit heat -4 Did anyone follow me on heat -4? Im on a heater! I hope Im not jixing mused But I got 200 on Miami tonight Yessir Hes not gonna fuck me right!? The heat are just really disciplined this year Theyre not like first tier team But they dont lose games against teams theyre supposed to beat Chad youre right the heat are elite, finally we agree! I will say Im betting on Steelers money line But I dont want my nfl bets held against me! Glad to see youre doing well mark! Your season officially saved! Nice katsu Mark God bless the Miami Heat Im disappointed But also 90 dollars richer for the jogger Night 32 Actually no please let me take that back Lets make this gambling first 17 Final answer Brock Mini website! Melo is happy to be a bench guy Hes just not that good I dunno the blazers look so bad rn but I still think they squeak into the playoffs Its just gonna take a while for them to gel its like a new team Is melo a hall of famer? I dunno dont get me wrong This is definitely a fun move But I dunno I dont see it changing much Did whiteside keep his fish!? Wow the Myles garret conversation is a blast! Lol honestly Im just impressed by mason Rudolphs psycho rage Like the look on his face we he attacked garret That was not a fake fight lol Yeah no I think its everyone else He really whacked him tho! God I need deadspin rn to tell me what to think Im so lost Yeah lol, I mean if you wanna use that same logic About like how this would be prosecuted off the field Like he might get off on self defense? Its dumb Its a situation unique to football Like if we wanna have a talk lol Is should be about like should we continue playing football at all lol There is way more violent shit than this lol All I know is I cant stop watching this video Hahaha yeah thats perfect So much to watch Pounce just throwing haymakers 25 on the browns comes in and takes a cheap shot at Rudolph at the end DeCastro with the takedown Bellevue Washington baby! Only hard ass motherfuckers come from Bellevue Mercer Island lacrosse baby LEGENDS I say Give his ass 8 games Like you cant clobber someone with a helmet but also ????? 8 games works for me! If they go to the Super Bowl They can have him back lol Honestly I think he should get a game or two back because its such a great video Seriously the best sports film of the decade I know lol Its the classic hate to see it moment Go sit on the stairs Myles garret and think about what you did! And the playoffs lolbrowns Some interesting lines The sixers -3.5 Theyve been really shaky lately Ok Just threw 100 one spurs +135 moneyline I think its pretty good, theyre playing the magic No significant I jures Injuries Haha Hornets moneyline could be interesting You can get them at +155 on Bovada Blake is back Lol Im tempted to just hit rockets moneyline -235 Yeah just hit it And then a separate hit on rockets -5.5 I think everyone would know that from the begging but its a cool ad I wouldnt make it like a big reveal tho I do love this Yeah its real I mean I think at least Matt post the chopped up version It kills me lol Lol also I dunno chad Id prob more focus on the shit hes avoiding Make it kinda hyperbolic/fantastical, I just think if you see a guy avoiding puddles and grass and stuff your first thought is that its to avoid fucking up his shoes, so you dont need to hide that to make it cool Ricky waters I had a blazers Shaun kemp jersey Lol I remember it was right after And it was on sale for like 14 dollars Spurs looking great chad Ugh I didnt hit Charlotte And San Antonio blew it Big money on the rockets tonight tho So lets not fuck that up! Well consult some experts next time! Lol I mean the East is def worse than the west But what about tonight made you say that? Yeah theyve been rocky for a while now But the top 5 in the East has been pretty dominant Also philly is pulling away However I dig this mentality This is how you get raptors +3 at Portland Lol also Since Monday Im on a $650 heater But I just got greedy and hit the Celtics -7 Also tho I just got hornets +150 moneyline against the Knicks tomorrow I have no idea who wins that game But thats a good value The Knicks are v bad Uh oh Deangelo Russells got a a crazy look in his eye The liga loves the big payouts lol I put 235 on the rockets -235 to win 100 And yes they covered But still I got my 100 Plus I hit them against the spread for 50 Lol its still Kongs plus 215 So I followed you for 20 lol ? Spurs blazers is a funny line rn Two teams that are really going through it lol yeah my heart says blazers get a w They werent that bad against a really solid raptors squad But yeah I have no confidence and theres not big payout So its a hard stay for me As well The heat are gonna rip the the pelicans to shreds tomorrow tho Please give us a disrespectful line! Anything -6 or below ?? ?? Did he get into the nba late? Like I dont hold any sentiment for the Heatles Oh lol Yeah or Phil for that matter lol I mean he flamed our Out But Phil was never bad Hahaha I thats kinda rich lol Kobe did fine without shaq Hating a dude for taking money is so 2004 Ok heres a cool line Raptors +3.5 @ Dallas Oh well Ive been playing with the hawks winnings Im making big bets Rn Since Monday Im up to 648 Without losing But Ive got 100 on Celtics -7 and 50 on Celtics money line Yeah You have to make a decision early What youre willing to make and lose Am I a boomer if I say that there are too man goddamn threes? Ok boomer God they got screwed That was an obvious fou Foul Ugh I was up 150 before I hit the late games However 60 bucks and a night of quality entertainment Not bad! Fortunately when the warriors jumped out to that lead in the first I hit Celtics moneyline Saved me from utter devastation Hahaha come on Youre on national tv Why not That was fun Lighten up dubov! I mean yeah lol It is like Pathetic lol But its hilarious lol Look at him sneak around clumsily God first thing I did this morning As soon as I opened my eyes Check the lines lol But seriously rockets a pick me against wolves rn Lol Dylan is your whole strategy just betting on trash teams? Theyre not that bad! Also lol, I hit Utah I didnt put enough to make me root for them I mean UCLA But its +970 Yeah I had a nice 150 dollar night until I got greedy and hit the night games Heat are getting -7 I need that to move like half a point Mark how many days are you there? Ok you should do this for me If you to the JRL To Funabashi Which is kinda outside Tokyo Theres a restaurant called kiko Its a standing sushi place Was my fav meal It ruled so hard ?? ?? Heat -5.5 At home Yeah Do this for me mark! I wouldnt recommend it if it was dank af! Remember Miami!? Raptors are +4.5 rn Nah Its bama They won a championship benching a Brianna finalist in the second half for a freshman Charlotte game winner again! Ive got heat -5.5, rockets moneyline, Hornets moneyline, raptors moneyline and nets moneyline Could be a big night but not celebrating yet Nets and Hornets already hit tho Guys holy shit Im 4/4 rn Come on Toronto! No lol But yeah that wasnt like a heavy bet Im talking nba Yeah lol I just threw 25 on hawks moneyline bc why not Tonights my night 177 payout lol Bc no matter what happens todays a payday lol Omg omg I followed you guys lol 25 bucks to win 135 Rip city magic! This is OUR year! Hey guys I made 900 dollars today Lol well 875 after Atlanta loses Ok guys fuck it 500 on Boston -2.5 against the kings Lets finish the weekend Im playing with profit baby! Im cool! Wager placed Im tryna pay next months rent! Wait Paul George is back lol? Im +1400 since Monday lol Sorry lol Im bragging This is a big week for me! V proud The heat always beat the spread lol I put 220 on them -5.5 and 300 on rockets moneyline Those were the big hauls Yeah it jumped immediately Big ups Yeah plus spurs are Felix choke artists this years As we learned in the Orlando game Deluxe* Not Felix lol The heat are 9-3 CONTENDERS Ugh got gouged on my big Celtics bet Won some back on the sixers But its gonna be a 300 loss for me However still a great week! I needed them at 2.5 Its happens It* Its good to take a L from time to time Lol nah theyre pretty good Like theyre super deep Hayward hasnt even been healthy Heres the ?? tomorrow tho Bucks -7 @ bulls The bulls are fucking horrible And are only getting single digits because theyre at home Milwaukee is like an hour and. A half from Chicago driving Ive got pats -2.5 as my sole nfl bet today Lets end this on a high note! Yeah I liked that line Same with bills Yeah lol its almost tempting to hit the warriors bc its basically a g league game And anyone could win lol Man I hope Cleveland beat the Knicks tomorrow and that works in the heats favor on wed Yeah Bro i sweat bad games are the most fun to gamble on lol No lead is safe Anything can happen lol I was going nuts yesterday watching Knicks Celtics Now is it a smart bet? I dunno I prob think pelicans win bc theyre at home but its good value on the money line Ahhh pats cover Throw it on the bucks -7! Yeah lol, what is this Venmo request? Ive insisted Im not invoked for like 3 years now lol Hahahahhaah you think I owe you 30 dollars for the content of this chat? Dude Ive literally asked you to not include me in the fantasy league, my team name is willing participant! Ive literally never played a week My man, Ive never even set a roster I literally said I dont want to be in the league Because I dont want to play lol Ahhh the gambling tax I know man but I dont participate lol My name which hasnt changed for two years is willing participant Thats not gonna be an effective guilt trip lol What the hell man whats wrong with not playing!? Its not like I said I was and then bailed lol Sorry man Celtics fucked me too 2-1 but my 1 was my big boy bet 200 loss on the day Whyd you let the bucks get to -8!? Ugh Celtics have burned me twice now but Im gonna hit em moneyline an way Anyway* The Celtics are very good tho I agree its not a sure thing at all But it feels like good value rn Damn got approved today for an apartment Moving to Brooklyn yall Yeah Ill miss it for sure Bronx has heart But Ive had enough of my apartment complex lol Yeah I mean Im not in Williamsburg or anything Its not Bronx cheap but its not super bad Dude Brooklyn is the size of Chicago it would be the most diverse city in America even if Manhattan didnt exist lol There is plenty of food of all varieties to be found in Brooklyn I will miss the Bronx too lol! But you can def find gems in Brooklyn Yeah lol tho I should say Im in park slope So its kinda vanilla and by vanilla I mean the shade Yeah its def more Portlandy where Im at Sorry lol that sounded like a diss Its not It just isnt like bushwick Robyn Lopez just a knockdown 3 shooter now lol Knockdown Divencenzo! How bout that bucks -7 bitches!?!?!? How bout that Boston moneyline! Lol I hit it for 500 Gotta play with your profits! Lol I mean its prob just mostly luck and the fact that any result is as likely as any other But I will say, once youre up a little You gotta let it ride on one line you really like And then you can start really playing Also lol Dont spend any of it until youve cashed out Wow bazemore a dirty player Gotta suspend him not and send a message I paid my Superliga fee, but let it be known RIGHT NOW This is the last time I pay for this fantasy basketball league I did this for my own gambling karma and not because of any of your guilt trips or threats! Lolol watch out! Im comin for ya! ???Ya hate to see it! 774 dollar night! Yo tomorrow could be a blazers night The pelicans are horrific and the blazers might get dinged for the back to back after a loss Watch that line! Ok lol hit the ML for 25 lets have fun! Lol Already regret that Hmmm Portland opening at -3.5 Remember the pelicans are Baaaaad Like everyones hurt Its a g league roster I dunno tho back to back far from home I think you hit Portland But dont go crazy Im gonna think this one over Would hate to miss out if the line moves tho Gundy Can you hit up your dudes at Lonzowire and find out if ingram is gonna play? Go thunder! Lol Ive been watching Rodney Mcgruder for 3 years and completely forgot he existed Omg Chris Paul! Noooooo Blazers line disappeared Which way is it moving? I was gonna say lol The city of Milwaukee def owes me a cover Just hammered zers -3 dont fuck me I paid my league fee! I hit blazers -3 and suns moneyline +125 Omg youre killing me What the fuck!!!!!!!! Fuck fuck fuck God lets just hope the pelicans are so bad I put 300 on that shut Shit God the blazers are fucking +1 now ?Heres where Ill be training to kill Mark Only the baddest fighters train in park slope bro Ugh I did it God come one blazers God I feel sick lol Ugh Ingram is playing ? DEATH LINEUP I ALREADY POINTED THIS OUT CHAD For real tho I think thats what kicked the line to +3 Wow sturgill Simpson MSG material now ? Yeah goddamn fucking Lillard injury Brutal Raptors are -3 rn at home vs the magic Yeah is this real tho? Ive seen a bunch of fake ai spots Burger King did a whole campaign I think it all started with that guy on twitters viral Olive Garden scripts Yeah Im calling bullshit but I could be wrong Lol no shit https://www.google.com/amp/s/mashable.com/article/burger-king-ai-ads-beautiful-disaster.amp https://www.google.com/amp/s/mashable.com/2018/06/13/olive-garden-bot-script.amp Im just saying this aint a new gag and the last two werent actually AI Yeah I dunno lol, its not as funny when its faked and been done 3 time just my opinion I feel like the big nike brand spots have been mostly decent lately Dream crazy, kapernick etc Yeah fair totally Oh the AI thing? Oh dude I totally need to revise myself, i hate it because David did that (ripping off the Olive Garden guy) and got a bunch of great press And David also fires me So its personal lol Yeah lol I think so too Alright lines have shifted around a little bit but my bets for the day at heat -10 at home vs cavs, raptors -4 at home vs magic and rockets +2 on the road vs Denver Yesterday sucked ass but you cant really prepare for a Lillard injury an hour before the game That shits gonna happen from time to time No excuses on Phoenix tho Yeah the last one is great lol Im still so mad about Lollards last night Lillard* Hopefully this will motivate his brother to beat the magic by more than four points tonight! I think hes under the impression thats these are like copies of documents he gave Ukraine that exonerate him Ugh There goes our season Man I thought he left that shit in Portland One time in Miami my friend got us into this swanky real estate convention in Miami And I was talking to this guy who owned a private flight charter company while in line for the bathroom and after he got out he left me a line on the soap dispenser! Said he left a little surprise for me! Would have been better if it was a big turd I love short lived bathroom drug bonding with strangers One time I gave a rando a bump in Chicago and he reciprocated with a couple mushroom caps Lol no Wow! Thats a wild story! Chads got us all horned up! Lol is that how you met!? Man this is now my third time betting against the cavs and you find yourself rooting for the ball to be in sextons hands and much as possible Someones watching the heat! I mean I dunno (regarding sexton) He has instincts and some moves But right now hes just not efficient at all And he throws up a lot of terrible shots Ok! Heat cover Raps cover Houston dont fuck up my 3/3! Speaking of inefficient What if Westbrook came off the bench I feel like Russ ball would be a good second unit Man maybe thats the next thing lol Having the best bench in the league A bunch of staticions(?) get together And realize the solution is having two good rosters OKC Westbrook and OKC harden would just switch roles lol Lol I know Ugh wow Look at the nuggets! Man watching philly announcers/crowd go absolutely insane when Ben Simmons hit a three reminds me sports are still good https://www.reddit.com/r/sixers/comments/dzavx6/ben_hits_a_three/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=ios_app&utm_name=iossmf You want Colts? Yeah same lol sorry! Lol I hit bucks -12 REMAIN SILENT Gundy Lol Thats actually like A brilliant tweet lol I keep singing it in my head I WANT NOTHING, I WANT NOTHING, I WANT NO QUID PRO QUO ?? ?? Guys, especially guys who use Dubovs bookie Heat are only -4.5 at the fucking bulls tomorrow ?? ?? ?? The heat have been destroying shorty teams Shitty teams* Hahahaha How can a bookie even get mad about sports lines lol Like theres no counting cards unless they think hes a secret nba insider Lol hes got a Donaghy in his circle Kicked off a sports book What an honor! Should put that in his resume Because youre a lil bitch Win like that in Vegas they fly you out and come you for a week Not one with fat sticks! 16k is a drop in the bucket! Chad your boy better have some choice words after that deposit hits lol Yeah so would I! But I got a little dick! Nice call! Lets hope they dont find him in a drainage ditch! Yeah lol Meyers did not get consent for this Yeah I know lol I actually think bam is prob a bit of a cheese ball himself Jimmy Butler is like one of the dorkiest dudes in the league Lol yeah I mean he did get thrown out for adultery right Of like whatever college he was coaching at Back when cheating was a fireable offense! All Pacino in Heat ?? snetence If you guys arent hitting Heat -4.5 youre missing out on the line of the century! Do you think the bucks could beat the blazers rn Id say If say Ben Affleck played 30 mins for the bucks? Lol the melo PR initiative is out in full force Humble gritty melo Spent a year in a monesyary Momentary Monastery! Learned to appreciate the game, is now a defensive playmaker Haha! Hes back in his prime! Lol man you sound like Russell Wilson, Im sure if this magic workout was like the fountain of youth hed be doing it all along He looks in shape lol but Im not just gonna but into some narrative about a secret miracle training program So what are you saying lol melo is back to form? Oh yeah Well thats for sure Yeah I think every player in the league sans early aughts Eddie curry has done specific workouts to be in better basketball shape Time will tell! Just saying health gurus are a dime a dozen (ask Tom Brady) and this is all coming from Melos camp Lol I dunno man why youre being defensive, I like melo lol, but you cant deny theres been a barrage of fairly cliche articles about humbling himself and getting back in the gym and learning to be a leader etc etc Its just something that happens when players make a comeback Yeah! Or at least, they more or less have to be Checks gotta cash lol ? RIP lol this game is a hell of a ride when youve got bucks -12 Classic matchup Nail biter! Lol hes averaging 4.5 ppl relax Ppg* Obligatory hackneyed giannis Greek god graphic Bro it was 6.9 Way nicer! Ugh Zers cover Haha Matt The etrade one? Thats the team Im on now lol Lol That came out way before I took a job But yeah I work on etrade now Lololol Basically Come on tho How often is a brand that cynical Its a lot better than grandfathers passing down cars And fucking whales and shit Security Trust Big slash Whale power Splash I dont think they will Maybe they should I dunno I dunno Im fairly new I just think if they wanted to they would Lol that was a good spot Above my pay grade! Omg Thats all time ? Seems a bit much Lolol check out this message my brother got on linked in Ive seen plenty of buzzard shit on that website but this is new ? ? One stop away! If u dont see me just get on This team knows how to cover! Knock on wood ? Lolol mark wins big on wiz hornets Yeah I got lakers -4.5 Lol I have 500 on Miami lets hope so Damn rockets +180 moneyline rn against clips Miami Heat Cover macine Machine I hit that Theyve been really good its worth a shot Jimmy is motivated and philly has been shaky Id tap the moneyline Way to go cam! Ugh This is brutal Nobody happy Ducks Blazers Heat To live it to suffer Is Wow Not a great day of sports Gambling account went from 499 for the week to 60 Yeah lol just no luck lol Only thing Ill say is that maybe thisll drive the heat hornets line down Mark are we back on? :( Is Stanford gonna play? Yeah man I hammered the raiders hard stop that shit! Gruden Mastermind They just did a Jameis Winston Billy Jean King segment I mean were 9-2? Its been mostly ups! Especially when we beat the fraud ass niners at home! Yeah I dunno I think theyre turning the corner rn tbh They also havent lost in the nfc west Today should have been more dominant, we blew it on two open tds https://twitter.com/ALBY_LAD/status/1145766054557364225?s=20 The nets have been winning a lot of games without Kyrie Against shitty teams Theyre off a back to back And thats another heat cover -10.5 I think they might be undefeated ats at home this year Weekend sports bad Weekday sports good Yeah especially your social media team Im gonna let you have this moment Dude Im not a bulls fan and you beat the bulls What are you talking about lol You get unimpeachable shit talk rights once you beat the bulls? No lol I made a joke when you said the blazers were the team of the culture It had nothing to do with melo and it was a joke Not a nuanced complaint about the blazers social media situation Bro Im not trying to fight rn I need Lakers -5 and I dont want any bad karma Culture is not the culture Two different things This could be a 3/3 Heat/ravens/lakers 150 on each so 450 total I took a huge two nights in a row Huge L* Im about to see the heat 3 times in a row Miami on Friday Brooklyn on Sunday MSG on tues Wooohoooo Thats a cover! All Im saying is I dont care what the line is Heat covering against warriors in Miami on Friday Sixers only try half the time Heat 2 seed? Is this their final form? I loled truthfully At Dallas Dont love it I like Denver -9.5 at home tbh Good money to made in bad teams getting crushed I dunno denver is a lot slower this year Denver is 25th in ppg Im not doing other bets this week than hammering GS at Miami on Friday And hopefully they get a good line against the nets Denver covered too Where are you? Threw a lil fun money on heat +285 moneyline Dubov I take it you didnt drive to Houston? Do it! Solo events are so underrated! Solo concerts If you really love a random artist You cant expect whoever you convince you to go with To love them as much As you do And then you spend the whole night looking at them to make sure theyre having fun Unnecessary I used to always buy two tickets to whatever show I wanted to go to and just find somebody No more! https://www.google.com/amp/s/www.theverge.com/platform/amp/2019/11/25/20982216/netflix-paris-theater-movies-new-york-oscars-irishman-marriage-story-egyptian A Netflix only movie theater Mad world Haha Did Maxs close and he didnt realize he had a sale that night? Oh wait thats you lol To be fair I cant talk, I def professionally begged before Thus is pretty good This https://www.theonion.com/timeline-of-online-advertising-1840060177 Keep it g God Amazing lol Lakers only -6 @ pelicans For who? Yeah lol I mean I just think the takeaway here is AD doesnt wanna get embarrassed Lol lakers are disappointing for now but AD gonna drop 60 tonight This man is aggrieved! Ive lived in a lot of places but south Florida is the best one! ? Maxing our on this raptors -3 at magic ? Magic projected lineup Find me a better evening in Orlando and Ill agree with this Apparently theres a cool metal scene in Orlando If thats your thing Since its family photo time heres my girlfriends grandpa gifting a young Oscar de la Hoya an avocado ? Lol all I can tell you is he is 96 He is here He has not said one word all evening And hes been sitting in a chair drinking rum out of a coffee cup watching hbo boxing replays for 5 hours He smiles every now and then Just bragged about living with world renowned poker player/millionaire James Romero for about the millionth time Wonder if he ever thinks about me! Lol so many memories that summer Guy smashing car You and cam getting punched Party where tweaked showed up and me and Lindsey had to call cops House getting robbed The list goes on Costco trips I cooked chad cleaned cam j did nothing Lache seastrunk honorary roomie 4 lache seastrunk memories 

1. When he told you he had a vision from god he was gonna score in the national championship and dunked on Dwyane Wade
2. Him screaming at David Wendt for not backing you up in a fight David wasnt involved in if I was there, n**** would have been hitting the floor 
3. Him overpaying a guy on Craigslist for a tv for no reason 
4. The first time I met him, he just walked in without knocking while I was cooking chicken in a pan and said fried chicken? Thats whats up! And went upstairs. I remember chad and Ryan bailey chucking bottles off the balcony in front of me and Lindsay and me acting tough threatening Ryan lol (would dropped him, one punch!) 2011 Ian Holmes was def in a good position to fight an Olympic athlete Also by threatening I mean shrugging my shoulders and saying whats up? Yeah youre missing my advice 5 hours earlier when it was -3, pay attention ? No respect! Ibaka out tho Nice mark I think its a winner Magic dragging out some dudes Heat -11.5 at home vs warriors is nice too Tho jimmy might be out The line will prob move either way when that news drops Willing to bet he plays tho Its vice night bitches! ? We dont sell to haters Thats not heat culture ? Silence is compliance! Gotta love that raptors cover! Miami Heat cover gods (knock on wood) God lol I think the heat are like 8-1 ATS at home Go ahead and pretend youre not jealous of vice night merch ? Yeah I considered the kings but philly is weird bc they can be a top 3 team or like get blown out by the hawks Kings are sneaky competitive too Im taking the night off lol Heat -3 @ nets tomorrow No Kyrie The nets are actually frisky But heat are 14-3 ats rn https://twitter.com/LivPosting/status/1200795717088038912 Man Wed be in the playoffs Fucking sun devils Ok nvm guys Thank god we lost last week Oh lol well Im on a good heater rn! Not gonna go any bragging tho until after tomorrow I also got burned by the kings twice Fool we twice! Fool me three times, well youre not gonna fool me again Also I think good teams kicking the shot out of bad teams at home is the move this year Ive been hammering some -11.5s etc this year 100%! Im just gonna bet on the heat I think But given yet another magic injury Warriors +8.5 at magic Potential good bet The magic have like 6 healthy bodies Houman and I will be binge drinking at 1 and observing the Brooklyn Nets take on the red hot Miami Heat! Lol fuck off Houman I got so much juice on the heat rn Ive got 

Tampa even (bet early)
Seattle -3
Packers -6.5 You hit jets!? Not freaking out yet! Lol Twas a push! Lol push is such a weird feeling post game Hawks ravens gonna be a dope super bowl Pumped Hahaha so dubov dislikes melo more than he likes the blazers Haha yeah but if melo plays well enough to become finals mvp, hes presumably greatly helped the blazers Towns is having a crazy year rn tho Kings -5 at home vs bulls Suns have been going down hill, I stayed away but I like your bet I smell a push lol If you git hawks -3 What if the heat end up with Blake griffin Slot him in Meyers spot Pistons get justice Winslow Meyers and a pick Guys heres an interesting one if you can stomach betting the cavs The pistons are -2.5 tomorrow at Cleveland They dont have a home win since the season opener In that time frame theyve lost to the bulls twice The hornets and the wizards So Im saying Cleveland moneyline Ok! Man lol I had a huge week lat week 880! But I had it up to 1450 And then the patriots fucked me Im 3 weeks in and Im +868, -404, +880 Im just not touching any of this money Until I decide Im done lol Im officially done making big bets on football I barely watch football and never read about it Its fun tho! Last week I was at 1450 Heat pushed Had 500 on it so I revert the pats :( Yeah I dunno the lakers or weird Sometimes lebron is so passive I dont think its out yet Im prob gonna pass Im gonna hit heat @ Wiz on Friday and then nail bulls at heat on Friday Heat at home against terrible teams Is just like going to the atm Im not dissing you Gundy at all but Ive officially decided to remove things like statement and theyve got incentive bc of this grudge from my betting process Lakers are maybe the best team in basketball but not ATS Lebron has been in the league how long 14 years? But hey, everybodys got their method! I might hit lakers just because theyre the better team and the spread is so low Yeah I might hit them I gotta look into it No I know lol Tho I was so mad at myself about lakers pelicans I was just like Ad is gonna show up fired up And he did! But the lakers just always keep thing close Omg lol Wasnt even watching Well see This is the time to hit kings money line for 20 Yeah Yeah agreed I kinda like kings moneyline to double your money tbh its risky but they wont stay this cold all game Noooooo! Yessss! Omg the Good lord shines down upon the Superliga! God bless dan Bailey Congrats on your maroney pick Lol ?Just dan baileys extra point percentage over the last six years Man kings broke my heart lol I was hitting moneyline bets One was 13 to win 146 Anyway, 35 dollar l for the night but go hawks Not sure what my picks worth but I like mavs -3.5 Theyre rolling Macs line already moving Man So I rented this place in park slope And its 1850 for a 1 br with a little yard And for the area and price Thats like the best deal youll ever find in ny But I can see why, the place is like bare bones, all the appliances are garbage So Im in full home improvement mode Painting, replacing shit Its fun! Yeah I got em at -7 Lakers up 8 so I live bet lakers -3.5 What do you make of the blazers Being as objective as you can Like its not totally implausible that it just takes them a bit to gel with these new guys And they right the ship Tune in Miami 9 secs left for heat ball Omg jimmy! He just went insane Got an and one Nailed a three Stole it for a breakaway dunk 8 points in like 20 seconds I dunno Brock Ive been banking on the heat lol So I think the heat might have a bit of a hangover tomorrow But theyre -5.5 at Boston I just hit moneyline +190 Wow the fucking spurs 16 point fourrh quarter comeback It Ot I know lol come on harden Bust this open Heat won by 11 in ot Still alive The refs blew that tho lol Hard to feel bad cuz its harden but Christ How much $$$? Hey guys If its any comfort I hit the clippers -9.5 Haha I was being sarcastic lol Good shit dubov Damn dubov I wish had won that lol You think the bookie would pay lol? Theres no way hes got 150 grand lying around does he? Yeah Also lol, if you dont like his mins/maxes you can just wait for the game to start and hit live bet lol You can bet additional and minimum is 5 Yeah lol neat trick Lol did anyone get a screenshot!? I like bucks -8.5 a lot Theyve been blowing teams out lately Yeah We 15-3-1 ats overall tho! I mean there are two schools of thought with gambling right One is Any outcome is as likely as any other Like youre just as likely to go 5-5 as you are 10-0 technically right So all the patterns and shit are just random But I hate that attitude ! I agree dubov! I think there are factors too, like some teams like philly can dominate but also take nights off Where Miami seems to bring it every night, just a lower ceiling Spoelstra not coaching tonight Not sure how much that matters Just a heads up Baby I almost did once If that helps! Rockets +2? At raptors Neat bet I kinda think the raptors might win tho I dunno curious to see how that Knicks nuggets line shakes out The bucks are so bad Knicks* Yeah Ive got it too lol Its not a problem til you start losing! Yeah I cant stomach betting on the Knicks But I agree I did that with the cavs on Monday and got brutalized Clay why are you in st aug? Yeah dion went from irrational confidence to rational depression Eh There are plenty of good ways to get scammed in Utah Lol Im just kidding, I spend like half my disposable income on vinyl for its warmer sound If you believe it then its true! Bro I hit lakers at -3.5 Damn chad remember when you where ragging on 44% 3 pt shooter Duncan Robinson? Ugh heat miss cover by 1 You can get heat -7 at home against the bulls rn Great feeling when you hit a team -9 And they win by 46 lol As the mavs did I mean My weak is ok too! ? Lol Week* I mean Im gonna go all in on heat tomorrow and then prob retire either way You brought me into it! Summer 17 baby! Tho Dubovs run rn is honestly more impressive w I feel like the heat tomorrow is a rock solid tho biased aside The bulls are so bad Dragic is out Yeah to be fair tho! Im only wagering like this bc Im playing with winnings. Cant wait to hear everybodys nfl bets! Ravens -5.5, hawks +1, packers -13 and dolphins moneyline (+195) I mean Lamar is gonna prob have a random slip up game But rn hes unstoppable Gahhhh dolphins lose on overturned PI call Wow Bloody Sunday Lost it all lol 1000 and the rest nfl0 dollar week Yeah lol I mean My eyelids are burning Im pretty upset However I would have never been +1440 in the first place If I didnt place bets like this So An even week none the less! Yeah Again its not real money u til you cash out Im not tho Brock This is the biggest bet Ive places this year I had my eye on it all week Rough one but not a daily thing Ugh I wanna die I mean who wants betting advice from the moron who pissed away $1,440 But curious about the ligas thoughts on kawhi-less clippers +1.5 @ Indy Lol define legit dark horse? Legit dark hose to make the second round? Honestly the last two weeks Ive been up until the weekend Nahhhh I fucking love Dipo and Nate and the eastern conference But theyre overachievers Too many good teams in the top half of the East Milwaukee, philly, Toronto, Boston and yes Miami Are all better teams I mean you did say dark horse So fair I got bucks -13 (ride that blowout train at home) and raptors -4.5 @ chi Yeah Value! Come on man! You can hold out for better than unlv! Nice! Right by my work How long will you be here? Yeah Im mostly likely down, its pretty hectic at work rn but if not tomorrow def the weekend! So I already took the blazers -9, would it be dumb to also take the Millard over? Lillard Feels like dame might sit out a a lot of the fourth if its a blowout Omg I had heat -8.5 Like a huge bet lol God is good And sixers -4 And blazers -9 lol Thank god lol Id lost 7 straight bets! I mean its kinda wack to brag about stats in an OT game vs the hawks But bam and jimmy had triple doubles And Nunn had 36! But jimmy made no greater contribution Than missing the buzzer beater at the end of regulation Heat dont lose at home man Eh We really need dragic back Weve needed huge late runs to beat the wizards the bulls and the hawks at home Id never bet against the heat but No dragic or Winslow is tough Lol I bet it Plus zers -9 Everybody happy Hahahaha I wish lol Im never doing that shit again Im gonna go hard this week and then retire for a lil while Takes too much of a toll lol That said! Lakers -6.5, rockets -10.5 and Celtics +1.5 Yeah Ill hit that too, its been on my mind 13 is just a lot I got burned by the bucks -12 yesterday against the magic Yeah I mean the bucks will win comfortably Pelicans are bad But theyre not cavs/Knicks bad I dont really like the rockets The cavs are just such a mess and love just basically told everyone hes checked out I was going back and fourth between rockets and bucks Rockets have injuries Eric Gordon our Out Austin rivers Kinda bummed I hammered lakers -7 and it dropped half a point Yeah ? Lakers are rested and going through a dominant stretch Anthony Davis never takes a game off He wants mvp Yeah Such a beast God the fucking heat lol I was like totally resigned to the fact Id lost money I cant believe that happened -9 Down 6 under a minute left Cover Thats gotta be like less than 1% Probability Hahahaha legendary The heat are reeling tho Jimmy is now a triple double guy I cant believe how good bam is becoming Hes got great all skills! He can run a fast break now lol I have no idea where it came from The fact that we have bam, nunn, herro and Duncan Robinson despite never picking in the top 10 is just incredible Lol Duncan went 10-14 from 3 today That said were not actually playing v well rn We need dragic back stat Who would guess the heat would have 2 of the top 3 ROY candidates Lol I mean youre fine, there was literally no way for anyone to know he was gonna be as good as his is lol Wut now youre gonna tell me you were sleeping on Kendrick Nunn? Yo mark/dubov If you want lakers tomorrow theyre -6.5 on the Sportsbook at -7.5 on Bovada So Id get em now That lakers line has moved to 8.5 you guys saved two points Yo should we buy heat zers tix? While the blazers still suck? Tix are pretty cheap rn Ahhh yeah I mean if Bradleys back Not so bad Yeah the line didnt even move Giannis out tonight Did anyone already hit the bucks? God I saw the line jump to -10 and almost hammered the shot out of it And then was like Somethings up here Yeahhh I dunno the bucks are still pretty good sans giannis But at 10 I guess thats value When dipo and Kylie come back we can start having East vs west fights again Yeah its deeper for sure But you still have lakers clippers in the west Yeah Hey look youre preaching to the choir! I mean when Durant comes back discussion is over lol We getting Blake Justice and a pick Ugh yeah Would prob have to Sad tho dragic is such a warrior Hes a huge part of their success this year Houman thinks shes Hispanic Is there a way to only thumps up the last sentence? Tfw when the goddamn Cleveland cavaliers go on a 24-0 run to blow your cover Amazing Taking a flyer on zers moneyline Rip city baby Eh just feels like value, the nuggets are banged up and on a losing streak And the blazers still have good players Oh man I fucking hammered the mavs Ugh god it sucks to say but lakers -3 against heat is a nice bet I cant hit it, its against my religion But the heat have scraped by against the nets, wizards, bulls and hawks Ever since got an and Winslow went out Were not at full strength Yeah lol I mean any team could say that Then again were the best home ats team in the league lol So theres that I may just bet against the heat, so Im happy either way Like honestly we needed total miracles against the bulls and the hawks The heat are really good but theyre banged up Friday the 13th gambling night Whats gonna happen! Heat moneyline lol Dubov I dont like the lebron overc the heat are one of the best defensive teams in the league, Butler is a great defender and if anyone knows how to slow down lebron its spo I think theyre going through AD tonight That said Good luck! And Gundy sorry! Didnt mean to blow you offbusy ass daysend me the link to your bam piece! Yeah they fucked me too Christ So he hasnt watched basketball in 15 years? Sound about right Lol resend Those are some stress bites Tf is this luka nerd? Man Look at dem heat We up 23 on Dallas with 16 seconds like in the first half At Dallas! Tell me if you think this is just lucky like any other Vegas line But Milwaukee basically just dominates in the first half So today Well In their last 9 theyre 8-1 -4 at the end of the first. And 8-1 -7.5 at the end of the half So I just hammered the shit out of those Paid off On to something When its a really good team against a really bad one Is first quarter cover the move? All the starters Lower risk fit injury For* Im researching lakers hawks Might try it again Heat close it out Good shit 19-7 Eat shit DeHaan! Guy lol damn this week has been insane, I think Im gonna retire from the game But do I hit one last bet!? Lol dude I went down 1660 and had a huge day to get back up 650, I should not be doing shit like that lol But since its my last day Let the profits ride? Im thinking lakers first quarter over Its prob gonna be like -3 Scroll through lakers win streak check the first quarter God bless the Milwaukee Bucks man Saved my ass I hit them on the over, the first 6 over, and the first half over All covers Alright boys Putting this too the test Lakers -3 first quarter Yeah its not the free money the bucks were last night But in their last 9 lakers are 6-2-1 against that spread in the first And they were mostly playing way better teams than the hawks Alright Almost time to test my strategy Ok lol Im taking a gambling break But man This week Walking way +900 But guys Friday night closing I was down -1660 Stay blessed yall! You def get both Someone gets both Its should be middle That said lol shes still very much in the wrong Im fighting Dylan not matt Hahaha so classist! If Im in the middle seat I make it clear from the jumpnon-verbal languagethat both these armrests are mine Yeah I mean it boils down to There are six arm rests and 3 people One persons gonna end up with two armrests 4* Yes Sorry Same point tho One person gets two No fuck that dude, her using social media to rag on you when she could have just asked verbally or non verbally is a way worse crime Man lol I was down huge all week until this blessed Sunday Better late than never! Lol I came out of retirement to hit the bucks and Heat Nothing heavy tho lol Lol I dunno this is the longest gambling high Ive ever had tho lol I woke up this morning just elated Gambling is 100% a drug lol Still not a parlay guy Everyones got an angle! Yeah lol, I when on a bit of a drunken/gambling high buying spree last night Lol does josh Gordon just eat drugs 3 meals a day PEDs this time lol I feel like every time I publicize a pick in the Superliga it missed But the heat are down to -3 Theyre missing some good players but this team hasnt lost to a bad team all season Thank you Brock Thats the nicest thing anyone has ever said to me The grizzlies are actually improving pretty rapidly But heat should get it done tonight Its called rawdogging Use that theyll know what u mean Lol I mean they havent posted anything in weeks God damn Nets or cover Is a Christmas fucking miracle Merry Christmas brothers! Im cashing out for real this time tho lol almost lost it all! Can someone explain why the cavs are getting 3.5 points against the hornets? The hornets are def bad but theyre 4 out of there last 5 with wins over the kings and nets The Cavs have 6 wins.... I mean sorry The hornets are +3.5 @ Cleveland Yeah I feel you but its fucking Cleveland at worst its a tossup Like the hornets guys are graham, rosier and bridges I dunno dude the heat are really hurt rn The sixers love beating the shit out of the heat Yeah I mean same Lol Heres the thing I think its a bit of a secret That dragic is still arguably are best scorer Hes far from the second most (trade) valuable but as of right now hes the second best player on the team If he gets healthy and heat start getting soft lines Yeah I like Celtics I love the hornets tho Damn Tho Im retired from big bets Final numbers; week 1: +870 week 2: -404 week 3: +690 week 4: -340 week 5: +1070 Yeah some games are just weird tho Could be a totally anomaly I need a latter Dubov! Pattern* Huh!? You dont like it or do? Yeah It can be a trick too tho Like its weird I swear it just comes down to philosophy Like say you bet on 10 games 10-0 is just as like as 5-5 which is as likely as 0-10.... sort of. That said hey! Nice year Week 4 was the great massacre I went from 1440 sat night to paying out 340 lol But I got down big early last week and rallied But This shit is bad for me heart lol Ive kinda realized if you take it seriously its basically just like a job lol Im not enjoying basketball v much while is do this I* Yeah lol, its wild tho its funny I won a grand in Bovada, won a grand in bet online and lost a grand in your bookieso when I cashed out it was like everybody won except the betting sites I get 1k Landon gets 1k gamblings sites lose 2k But hey A few 25-50 dollar bets a week Need to restrain myself to appreciate that Still tho And most importantly Why the fuck are the Cavs 3.5 point favorites against anyone? Dont get me wrong the could very well win but I like the hornets in a 50/50 thats value! Guys are you as pumped as I am for uncut gems? Fucking gritty drama about betting on basketball Like Im so fired up lol You guys are gonna kick golden state in the nuts tonight right? Yeah Id hit them tonight tbh tho At home vs golden state? Sco Heat bitches! Man the Bovada review to delay your withdrawal should be illegal The price of bitcoin has gone up 600 dollars since I requested a payout Extra cum sauce? Lol hornets almost had the best comeback ever Rozier missed a wide open 3 as time expired lol I had a hornets moneyline in the third lol 5 bucks to win 80 Sixers first home loss Go heat Your buddy has my vote! I still dont get why lebron said that! The heat dont play in south beach! Look at the heat! Were 20-8 with wins @ Milwaukee, @ philly, @toronto, abd vs Houston And I think its real! Like what else can you ask for? We gear up against good teams And we take care of business against bad ones Something about giving the sixers their first home loss Its like 5 wins Fuck you embiid Hey tho! The blazers beat the warriors That was fun! Fuck man I new I left my volcano vape plugged in Hey any interleague gambling tonight? I want bucks ? The nets are way better than the spurs Maybe Utah I dunno I like Milwaukee -4 tonight no matter what and id get em now and maybe youll be lucky and AD will sit Nets play a lot of close games Dinwiddie is so sick tho Yeah I mean Im staying away from that game That said The roster they have theyve had for a while Somehow Theyre 11-5 since Kyrie went down God the hornets broke my heart last night lol I was hitting them moneyline when they were down like 19 in the third I dunno lol the hawks just got slaughtered by the Knicks Its sort of a strange phenomenon Vegas treats them as true bottom tier tho Also the spurs are the worst ats team this year Yeah Rozier is playing really well too Lol I will say ever since we became unhealthily addicted to gambling Our broad knowledge of the nba has really gone up! Lol Ive been rewatching this video imaging the guy had like 20 grand on the raptors https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=WK7lIjFsGvg If you can get in that headspace its 20 times funnier lol Bro if Robert Pattinson inspired the last fka twigs album God bless him Bc thats my shit Yeah he pretty much revived his career immediately after twilight Goran prob back on Friday Heat -10 at home vs Knicks ?? ?? ?? Ohhhh Lol yeah no that makes sense They gonna move Dinwiddie? Could he fetch a lottery pick? Oh nah Hes 26 Still young but no team in tank mode is gonna give one up Yeah Besides most successful business men use work as a channel to get away from their family life! Hell love it! At least thats what I learned on tv So basically youve got a absolute minimum you can sell for and still make money and its just a chess game of trying to figure out what that is? Plus an added wrinkle of having a boss whose watching over your numbers ready to replace you if he doesnt like what he sees? Do I understand sales? Lolol Rode a bus in Manhattan for the first time today lol and the bus driver literally screamed at the top of his lungs at me when I didnt understand how the ticket system worked Lolol Oh come on bet with me the. Then Lolol bro Im low stakes again I cashed out of the sites It wasnt worth it lol I made like 1800 is 5.5 weeks, could have just as easily lost that, and literally spent all day reading up on sports betting when I wasnt workingits like another job but a really stressful one Yeah Id prob take clips I dunno this the clippers are like philly west They take games off collectively Thats what I like about hitting the bucks Or the bucks are just gonna be the bucks Lol I dunno man Magic kinda look better rn... Yeah I hit Utah -2.5 at the half Love it mark I got 60 on -3.5 and 50 on -4.5 Fuck the tree, thats a sexy ass man! Dragic back yo Did u hit the heat? I as well Yeah I shoulda pulled trigger on grizz But it was a solo bet kind night I kinda like New Orleans tonight tho Yeah mark the thing is Literally every other dude they play is legit d-league Like most of those guy wont even play next year lol New Orleans is a horrible team but its made of real nba players Those are fringe all stars Also Pelicans have Brandon ingrahm and jru holiday I warned yall about dragic! Lol Dubov are you like a full-fledged heat fan now? Welcome to the light! Meyers playing great lol Finished the half with a huge putback slam I fucking love Goran man People dont understand how much he does I swear derick Jones jr has like 30 dunks tonight Lol heat broadcast team just told an anecdote Apparently back in the day wade got his house broken into and they stole his jewelers And udon is Hadley got it back for him lol Udon is from Miami lol Lol Jewelry Haslem Thats a cover baby! Pretty sure Id hit bucks -69.1 rn against the Knicks tomorrow Willie causes Stein is my least favorite player in the league Lol love betting against the Knicks and just showing up to a bar and rooting for them to get slaughtered Id lay off that one Anyway The lakers dont really dominate teams See the hawks and the heat road wins I think whoever said raps -2.5 earlier Thats the bet of the day Siakam will feast Omg I completely forgot about that lol Omg lol That looks so much like me https://www.instagram.com/p/B6YZp_xgwP4/?igshid=6yqymtrhekn7 Bucks hav been a fucking gravy train man That cool mark but I just copped some vegan dumplings, Brussel sprouts and a bottle of artisanal cider ? Lol Im not a vegan Ive been off meat since August tho Ugh the fucking worst Need the rockets to save me Damn Christmas games so lit Portland and Miami Betonline finally let me cash out to Im out for a bit The heat broke me last night Govert useless lay in with 1 second left Bucks -3? Im seeing them +1.5 Eeek I think you wait til Friday and hammer bucks on literally any spread against Atlanta a Yeah I dunno Id consider betting for fun if I hadnt cashed out But Philly is dominant at home Yeah Bet on the bucks to kick the shit out of awful teams Best bet in basketball Fair Gundy I might bet sixers with you if you want Sure Yeah lol but either way it makes sense Omg glad to know Im not insane lol Was watching that on the plane Happy holidays! this year be kind to yourself and gift yourself tickets to see the blazers take on the Miami Heat at the Moda Center on February 9th! Love the rockets to crush the warriors My picks were Boston -3 rockets -11 Gundy how cognizant would you say nba guys are of Vegas lines? Like do they low key wanna cover? Do they care at all? Celtics arent really the team to pull a fast one on So what do the blazers give up? Not sure anyone really wants whiteside rn Simons? I tried to warn yall about the sixers! This is good tho, if this drives down the bucks at hawks line of Friday even half a point Yeah rockets burned me Anyone want lakers -2.5? Its was Mountain Dew I believe I think that would have been BBDO But I dunno Yeah clippers saved me lol That was the right call! You can pause and see bron touched it last! I dont think thats true at all If youre gonna do replay you should get it right Wut lol I mean either youre for replay or not Are you saying they should look at it and get it wrong again? Did you bet on the lakers? That take is fine lol But advocating for refs to review things and just get it wrong sometimes doesnt make sense lol Yeah but once its being reviewed you should make the right call Lol that is like the quintessential example of the type of play that should be reviewed If you are pro review I do not care about that tweet lol Lebron touched it last and you can freeze frame it Thats way more objective than the player who caused the ball to go out of bounds Sure Ill take the 50 Yeah I mean its totally fair but playoff basketball seems to favor kawhi Leonard But I bet the lakers end up favored Yeah Will be a great series Clippers have better role players Im gonna be making multiple playoff related trips this year Im pretty much set no matter what Philly is a two hour train Boston is a 3 hour bus Barclays is a mile from my house And Milwaukee is an hour outside chi Well Im def gonna go catch a game in Miami Im hoping rd one against Brooklyn Thatd be so sick Yes Ok yes Thats perfect Yeah thats cool Lets hope we get a good heat matchup Seeing it at 4:10 Lolol 6 year old bandwagon fans Fandom is about suffering you little shit! Now get downstairs and watch the browns Lolol why am I being attacked? The Miami Heat bandwagon Yeah I heard Luol Deng had the best selling jersey of 2015! Lol is uncut gems gonna make me wanna gamble less or gamble more? Wait are you actually in urgent care clay? Ugh guys Ive been out of the game But Im seeing bucks -11.5 at hawks tomorrow And fuck The heart wants what the heart wants, Im conflicted Lol yes That was the best birthday ever lol And thank you! Im not waking up next to naked Rengel again Actually matt It was balled up newspaper And that man was Rengel Im his defense it was some fire ass newspaper ?? ?? ?? ?? Lol I remember driving down to Portland that day and I pulled off at an Indian casino and won 30 dollarswhich is like 100 when youre in collegeright away and left. Twas a good sign. Didnt you smile crack with the guys that robbed you? Fuck the bucks are -11 Good god why tempt me! Ok lol Fuck God Uncut gems Its the greatest film ever made! Lol I mean come on They just put you in his world You feel like its your money the whole time I was jerking around in my fucking seat Definitely a nom! Dubov If you feel irregular heart palpitations Just promise me youll leave the theater Where you seeing indication that Giannis might not be playing Mark? Hmmmm I dunno Vegas just bumped them up half a point lol Not a spoiler! Line just moved to -8.5Giannis must be out? Sure mark Man lol Sports gambling has taken over I was sitting at the airport bar watching the heat on my laptop Two totally separate people asked me You got action on this game? Lol yeah man you cant hit Philly when they dont care I learned that lesson already But heat in a dog fight so Im not being cocky for karma purposes Pretty proud of myself for hitting bucks -8 post Giannis news tho The Miami Heat home gravy train is officially out of service However I do think they can beat the sixers Im going with Boston -6 tomorrow I mean these teams played two days ago in Toronto and Boston won by like 18 Im thinking (praying) the same dubov Lebron ad playing tonight? Confirmed!? Lakers saved my fucking ass god bless ? Morning power ranking update New week baby! Ive got nets -3 at wolves and bucks (no Giannis) -6.5 at chi Yeah prob the right move The heat are just beating everybody by 1 point these days Now I get em at 6.5 and 8.5 No Beal Wish Id hit heat ? Lol wtf heat Gahhhh Ruined my night Alrighty going philly -1 and Boston -6.5 tomorrow Yeah had to buy myself out of that sixers betwas looking and the pacers are 14-3 at home to the sixers 7-10 on the road Waste of 9 dollars Lol should I hit it mark? Did you? Im in for 25 lol why not go sun devils Man glad I bought back my sixers bet Em is out! Lol yeah Crazy I had philly -1 Then bought it back Indy +1 Then saw em Id out and hammered indy -3.5 Sorry lol my phone wont let me type embiid On dont just call him Em now Is kawhi playing? Hahaha omg Im up big so far come on devils clippers and mavs! Lets go Murph! Dude won me 75 bucks! I dont understand your question? Yeah I hit them before luka was confirmed they were at -1.5 Im just waiting to pounce on tomorrows Minnesota at Milwaukee line Gonna hit bucks and bucks 1st q Line just jumped bag down on the mavs Luka our? Nvm Clippers hit Im 4/4 Lets go mavs! Yeah I think Morning you sick bastards Ok on the menu today I got bama -7.5, Oregon moneyline, blazers -4 and lakers -11 Omg lol Its 7:48 west coast time and clay is 5 drinks deep How are those resolutions going!? Hahaha yeah man Today is a holiday! Plus if youre gonna fly first class You gotta take advantage I can already see myself cursing at the tv asking myself why I ever bet on the blazers Damn chad what was the payout on Texas ML Bama hit! Roll tide! Man lol The bucks were up 7 in the first Still hit the wolves moneyline to win 300 lol Man Not even trying to be mean But the blazers are just fucking awful rn What the hell happened? They dont move the ball at all! Its nuts Kris Middleton should be a starter? Lolol man Birmingham bowl still delayed! I got a little action on Cincinnati! ? Lets go bearcats! Man yesterday was extreme highs and extreme lows Got up to +670 Finished +152 God the fucking blazers Im
Still sick about that Yeah thats what killed me more than anything I just kept hammering the bucks Waiting for the eventual wolves meltdown It never came I got Utah -3.5 at chi which I love I got that too Dubov Ok so ats Titans, bills, saints, hawks No love for the Vikings On one hand Live betting is the devil On the other hand you win jazz first quarter you are officially a genius Utah with the big hit good lord Oh man lol Clippers and jazz barely covered But covered none the less Lol fuck it Im in Omg Good for him So young And already a legend I got la Miami and Houston tn But I dont feel crazy confident about any of them Lol The blazers are a traumatizing team to bet on That makes sense tho lol I need to analyze all my bets lol and see whose been losing me money! DO U GUYS KNOW WHAT SATURDAY IS!? Shit I mean Sunday Round 1! All I can say is Im laying the points! Meyers going for 40 Sunday To be fair lol I saw that last week and bet the heat We lost by 20 You guys are about to get RUIned Welcome o the league Rook! Yeah lol Ive got a silly parlay rolling Bills moneyline, Titans moneyline, Nets -1.5, bucks moneyline 25 to win 308 lol Heat opening at -6 for Sunday Hey hawks just jumped to +1? Did I miss something? Ok so hawks just dipped to +1 This is like. Vegas thing right? Or is there a major injury ? ? Somethings up.. Rengel is a packers guy Youre thinking of brother DeHaan Goddamn Man lol If you told me your game winning play was a fade to Kyle Rudolph Man its funny You get autocorrected to miners Yet thats what the 49ers were! Serendipity! Motherfucker! Beast mode Nunnstoppable came to play Heat faithful booing the shit out of whiteside lol Consecutive treys for the one that got away lol Fuck yes Go hawks Damn no jimmy no cover I mean yes cover Both my fav teams won their most important game of the season thus farand both won me money! Blazers looked pretty bad lol but simons had a couple sick plays Psh Whiteside revenge game! We havent lost two in a row all year! Aight I need wolves -4 (looking good) and lakers -5 first quarter And its officially a baller week Ok wolves hit Final bet lakers -5 first q Damn I called it Gundy U* Lol ok made it back lakers 2nd q 3rd q lakers -3.5 Tie breaker I had a big week, pretty pumped Though this is quickly becoming my only hobby lol I know lol Except with most jobs theres not a significant chance your employer is gonna turn around and rob you Honestly the fact that its tax free (effectively for us) is the best part of this shit Oh god dont tell my secrets I have a family Im sorry but there is nothing beautiful about me pacing around my house at 12 am yelling at the refs over during a suns kings slugfest Ok pacers -5 at hornets, jazz -3 at pelicans, bucks -7 at spurs Lines might have moved a bit So fellas Someone hacked my debit card and stole 330 bucks I get it back but still creepy However I suspect Bovada or betonline got hacked Lol on the other hand, I somehow didnt notice this lol so it feels like free 330 bucks But still Keep an eye out Finally that was used appropriately I remember feeling like my account looked a littler lower but it was the day after I went out and have so my cards on autopay So I just bricked it off lol Brushed* To be fair most good coaches have been fired and will in the future Its crazy how this year The rope five passing offenses are all not in the playoffs Running is back Lol What i said is just a truth, take it however you want I think youre right Brock But still crazy Lol we beat the Vikings niners rams and eagles Our schedule wasnt that easy Lets see what happens theres no one in the nfc we cant hang with lol I mean how many teams are definitely better than the hawks? Baltimore and KC? We went 11-5 dude Talk about beating yourself look what happened in sf Or against sf Its a relief that the rest of your nfl opinions are this dumb good god Our receivers are actually a strength this year tho They deserve a lot of the credit for Sunday. Metcalf was inhuman. Lol Im just burnt from every critical tweet ending with Do Better. Man lol Thats horrible lawyering. I mean the word choice considering were about to hear 3 testimonies about him pounding on victims doors is nuts. Is that really cheating? Is it bc youre not allowed to collide with another player? I mean if youre allowed to submit 150 entries per player, why wouldnt you submit 150 unique rosters? Sexism! Just bc a woman won she might have cheated! Come on draft kings Do better. Yeah no I know I mean if two people colluding is cheating then they cheated Ugh gallo injury just fucked me so hard https://www.buzzfeed.com/ehisosifo1/tyler-c-tweet-men-need-to-do-better-the-bachelor?origin=web-hf Yeah we had a great time. Not trying to go back. I will never Ever Say a single bad thing about Chris Paul again I almost hedged out when Gallinari was ruled out Line flipped from -2.5 OKC to +1 OKC But then I was like nets have dropped 6 in a row fuck it OKC goes down 7 with 3 and a half mins left Paul goes to fucking work And bam OT cover Trump and Ukraine involved in a pointless war together is the darkest form of poetic justice Lol man Hassan got away with the moving screen of the century lol To be fair thats prob the first time Ive ever seen refs give whiteside a break ? Its gonna hit! man lol The half court challenge sponsored by mondolay bay Is really called the Mandolay Bay Shootout Happy Wednesday Rockets -8 at Atlanta, bucks -13.5 at warriors, mavs -3 vs nuggets Ok yeah Ill do that too You think there was a back room deal between US and Iranian intelligence? Houman Heat nets on Friday? ?? Look at this doofus Yeah Bc he was grounded and he recorded it Oh wait No it wouldnt be on sports center then Lol yes TiVo and dvr were late nineties/early 2000s Yeah my dad starting working for Comcast when I was like a freshman in hs and then we got all the good channels but then he blocked them all Bc my brother got caught watching porn Is LSU -5.5 a lock? Yeah saw that lol Wait wut Theyre 15-4 at home Were 9-9 Not for 1200 lol I might hit the heat just bc its fun to bet on your team in a pick em I have one pick tonight (Boston -6.5 at home vs spurs) just bc Vegas $$$ was horny for it ? Go mavs! Yeah same lol I was about to hammer the under on that lol Had to throw 25 on my squad even tho its dumb (maroney take) God the spurs They finally figured it out Yeah I bough spurs -3.5 to get myself out from under A lot of room for a double loss here As I said unequivocally earlier Heat were a smart bet tonight Damn chad Proud of your boy for his heat bet Lol Christ Lost em all I know lol what the fuck happened Yeah and harden went like 2-18 in the second half lol Whelp Sco bucks Man lol That is so outrageous Is he saying they misread him Or he got the words mixed up lol I dunno man Im thinking hit the rockets -2.5 tomorrow Im probably a moron but I just think this recent win streak is inflating the thunder They wont have gallo or Noel I watched them without those guys on yesterday and they needed Chris Paul to go Benjamin button with 3 mins left to push Brooklyn to OT My only worry is Russell Westbrook is gonna throw up 60 shots to try and make a point I went 0-4 tonight tho so stay away from my picks lol Lol how can you guys shit in Jamal Murray for his bad prediction when like 3 people in this group picked the blazers to make the finals Wow lol Brock zuckerberg over here accessing my personal data! ? Lol This is the front of espn. Westbrook @ OKC tonight One thing is got certain Westbrook is taking 90 shots tonight And hes gonna strangle at least 3 fans to death before the game. Lol yeah but Westbrook is hunting for one drunk white large scale industrial farming sales rep that calls him a bitch and then he will eat his organs They should let Westbrook fight fans at half time ?Sandler rocking the the Howard Ratner look full time now I saw it Pretty neat! Bens gonna stay Philly prob goes to the finals If he were to sit out and demand a trade I dunno maybe CJ and your first rounder In hope that its in or near the top 10 I dont really feel that way tbh Like chad said jimmy only takes over when the offense is falling apart You guys weirdly played Milwaukee well last time tho With no dame Panda is guaranteed awful diarrhea for me You can just set a watch lol I got Thunder -3 And pacers -2 God bless sports Is kyrie playing? Yeah I like the nets Jazz are on a huge roll tho I got suns -3.5 and nets moneyline The best part of gambling is when your team is up 3 halfway through the first quarter confirming that you are in fact a genius Man will be curious to see how good this nets teams end up I feel like kyrie, Lavert and dinwiddie is a pretty damn formidable trio of guards Wow kechly retired Man holy shit The jazz contenders? Look what theyve been up to! I guess theyve mostly beat shitty teams Yeah I thought trey wasnt gonna play In hawks suns No good ? Guys this is sad But realistically Is Superliga bowl gonna happen? Yeah I mean I got heat Theyre inconsistent but 14-1 at home Chad were you referring to blazers tix? Are you gonna be in town? Rn I got Celtics -9.5, heat -5, lakers -9.5, Dallas -4 and pacers -3 Omg bring that to the league lol Lol yeah gems would have been better if he just lost the tip off Nunnstoppable baby And thats a cover baby! ?Talk about an easy money live bet Lol I need to book an appointment with a therapist And ask them Please just tell me Why do I keep losing money on the rockets? I dunno rockets kinda trash rn Ok so who would be at the game feb 9? Mark? Chad? Lol yeah, you cant slap a cops ass Also why would you slap a cops ass? Good pun Chad Ugh, fucked up. I only bet 200 on the bucks tonight when I should have bet 10 million dollars Denver ot cover? Wowowowowowow Fuck! God last night was the worst Mason plumlee Bumass free throw misser Ugh Gundy I got the raptors too which is not good news for you the way Ive been picking lately ?? Lol I just layer the points on the mavs but its a 10 dollar bet Do you guys think betting gets harder in the middle of the season? Not I I just feel like there was a period where the heat were like 9-1 ats at home And then everyone caught on Yeah I just think like for instance Bucks were getting a lot of 12.5 or 13.5 point lines at home against bad teams Now its like -17.5 Flying out of Newark tomorrow You know Im placing a couple legal jersey bets as soon as I get to the airport Yeah But its fine People just take the subway one stop into jersey Place their bets And then ride directly back without leaving the station Its like a thing now lol its hilarious https://time.com/5759895/new-jersey-sports-betting/ I only did that once lol Lillard vs Donkic is fucking high art rn Omg I mean guys Im sorry But holy fucking Donkic Donkic vs giannis New Kenton vs Durant Lebron* Lol -7.5 hit Im 10 bucks richer Yo Im doing beta blazers Tix booked Placed my jersey bets Bucks -8.5 toning chiefs -7.5 on sun I dont trust crapalo What would you guys want a guy that averages 15 points on 46% shooting when you could have a guy that averages 6 points on 38% shooting! #Savior ? Alright first jersey bet cashed go bucks Its great lol bc when youre tempted to rebet it all on a night game You cant lol Lol Ok Ill bite Why are you there!? Mark I am So fucking proud of you My cheeks are red! So youre banking 5K? Hey chad Lol i was gonna finish that sentence but Im lost Anyone want titans -7? +7* Same Yeah brutal Yeah Id like to see another score this half Its not like weve never seen Andy Reid collapse in a huge game lol Yup Mahomes just gotta feel out the defense Wow Yeah mahomes wasnt down with Lamar Jackson being the next big thing They are indeed but the Niners also lost to the falcons And its still Aaron Rodgers Youre talking too much shit mark! This will end poorly for you! Stay humble I dont know what that means Gundy but Im on board Alright Im up 100 with Dubois bookie but you cant cash out unless youre up 200 So Pack money line Lets go! Its my only hope Its your day mark! Go chiefs Lol how are the 49ers just running the same play every time and dominating Bucks -14 at home vs bulls, heat -6.5 at home vs Kings, spurs moneyline (+160) at Phoenix. 